Warmth In the Snow (Smite)

Author: JackFrost16

*000*2020-05-26 16:58

If you don't know, Smite is a small MOBA game similar to League of Legends and Dota 2. The twist is that all the playable characters are gods and goddesses from some form of mythology. The main character of this story, named Skadi, is the Norse god of winter. Just a little background info. I hope you enjoy!

###

As Skadi looked around her, she started to smile. She was standing in her teams fountain, ready to do battle. She had always loved the thrill of combat, and there was no better way to test her skill than against other gods. Skadi picked up her items from the shop as well as a few potions before heading into her lane. As she started to mindlessly farm minions, Skadi felt some pressure in her lower abdomen. She needed to use the restroom. I can hold it, She thought. I've fought dozens of battles like this.

After about ten minutes of farming, Skadi and her team pushed up and managed to take the first mid lane tower. Skadi had been injured in the scuffle, and as such had to drink a few potions. This of course made her need to pee stronger.

"No worries" Skadi said to herself. "I've held it longer than this!"

After about thirty minutes, Skadi was less sure. Her team had taken two more towers in the other lanes, while the enemy team had matched them. Each team now had taken three towers, and were in a near stalemate. Skadi had relentlessly been chugging potions to keep healthy, and her bladder was becoming impossibly to ignore. It seemed like every time Skadi threw her spear, her bladder ached.

She was just considering squatting down in the jungle, when she heard a noise. Suddenly, the enemy Wu Kong burst out of the trees. He flew at her with rapid attacks, forcing Skadi to back up. As she moved, she felt a trickle of urine seep into her pants. She grimaced. Hold it! Hold it!, she screamed at herself. Fortunately, her ever-present companion Kaldir the Winter Wolf was able to scare Wu Kong away.

Skadi was bent over almost double as she tried to avoid having an accident. She was breathing heavy, and was bent over almost double. I've got no choice Skadi thought as she made her way to the jungle. It might be embarrassing to need to squat in the woods but at least it would be better than pissing herself. As the winter goddess was hobbling towards the jungle she was not as aware of her surroundings as she was her bladder.

She had stumbled right into a buff camp, inhabited by dangerous monsters. This camp in particular was full of ferocious manticores. Skadi gasped and fell back. She was forced to turn and run. There was no way she could fight in her current state. Skadi sprinted all the way back to her lane. As she stood panting, the adrenaline of the encounter started to wear off.

Skadi's bladder strained, and she knew she could hold no more. She moaned and bent over as the dam of urine finally broke. almost immediately, a river of pee rushed out into her panties, instantly saturating them. Soon after the piss started to pour into her fur leggings leaving a large, quickly moving stain on the thick fabric. The hot piss contrasted Skadi's frigid skin, and started to hiss.

A small puddle formed under the goddess's feet, as her bladder continued to empty itself. After a solid minute and a half of wetting herself, Skadi looked down to inspect the damage. Her thighs were soaked, along with her calfs and feet. Fortunately, her long furs were able to hide most of the accident from sight. Skaid sighed and continued killing minions in her lane.

It wasn't be the first time this had happened, nor would it be the last.

*002*2020-06-08 17:02

{{17 hours ago, Thispieguy1 said:

I love Skadi, I wish there was more art of her

}}

I agree! I am just getting into Smite, so feel free to suggest more characters/scenarios to write about.

