Lauren's Game 2: Beach Trip

Author: jb2ja

*000*2017-11-10 14:30

The following is a sequel to my previous story, Lauren’s Game

. It contains male and female desperation and peeing.

Lauren’s Game 2: Beach Trip

===

Lauren had been itching to get out of town all week. Fall was starting to give way to winter, and pretty soon there wouldn’t be much opportunity to enjoy the outdoors. It wasn’t the ideal time of year for a beach trip, she had to admit. It certainly wasn’t swimming weather. But the shore was less than hour’s drive away, and bundled up in jeans and sweatshirts and maybe some blankets, their destination at least promised them a nice picnic with a view of the water and the setting sun. And so Lauren had borrowed a car, picked up her boyfriend Troy after work, and was now en route to their picnic destination. For someone who was on her way to a quiet dinner on the water, though, she seemed a little tense.

“Are you okay?,” Troy asked, concerned, as she came to a stop at a traffic light.

“Yeah, I’m fine, I just really have to pee,” she told him. “They’re renovating the ladies’ room at my end of the building, so I figured I’d just hold it until we got to the beach,” she briefly explained as though that were the extent of the story.

In truth, Lauren got a bit of a thrill from situations like this---the way every single one of us went about our days with a slowly filling sack of fluid between our legs. The way that sack would get bigger and bigger until we just had to let it out. And the way, despite this universal truth, that we had all these rules about when and where we were allowed to let it out. All these reservations about to whom we would even admit we had to let it out. And, perhaps most especially, Lauren liked the way people would try so very hard to follow all those rules and restrictions even when their bodies were filled to the brim.

She especially liked it when a man needed to do it. They could be so stubborn sometimes, trying to pretend nothing was wrong when in fact their pool little bladder was aching to let it shoot out of their penis like a fire hose. Men were supposed to be able to hold it, after all. For as much as women complained about longer lines than men (and she had certainly experienced enough of that firsthand), Lauren found it interesting that no one really seemed to acknowledge that it wasn’t always women who got the short end of the stick. And the really funny thing was they’d do it to themselves if you set up the right circumstances.

A few subtle comments suggesting that needing to pee was a sign of weakness, and it sometimes seemed that all the men in the room would take it as a personal challenge---suddenly every single one of them could wait until they got home, no matter how many hours they’d waited or beverages they’d consumed. It was so tantalizingly fun toying with them like that, watching them try to act like they’re completely in control when in reality they’re running out of time. Trying to delay a man from reaching relief while appearing innocent was in fact one of Lauren’s favorite games.

Lauren had to admit, though, that she could sympathize with that male stubbornness that she so often exploited. Sure, she’d played the helpless girl once or twice when the game called for it. “You guys are so lucky,” she remembered once baiting a group of attractive young men at the bar. “You can drink and drink for hours and not have to pee,” she’d pouted as she got up to slink away in mock shame to the little girls’ room. But even then, all she’d actually done when she got there was to wash her hands. It had been almost a point of honor to prove, if only to herself, that she could hold it as long as they could. And when she got back to that table, they ordered another round of drinks and she pretended right along with them that she wasn’t containing an uncomfortable volume of fluid---waited right along with them, as they each sat there determined not to be the first to admit they had to go.

And so, naturally, when Lauren encountered that out-of-order sign at the office restroom, it could be taken as nothing short of a personal challenge from the universe. If you can’t hold it like a big girl, that sign might as well have said, the restroom at the opposite end of the building is available for your tinkling needs. And she couldn’t let a challenge like that go unanswered.

“So you haven’t peed since, like, 8am?” Troy asked as the light turned green and they resumed their route.

“Nope,” she responded with a casual but slightly proud smile. Her bladder operated on her schedule, not the other way around.

“That’s a long time...” Troy remarked quietly, as much to himself as to her.

That almost sounded like an admission that he couldn’t keep up with her. Lauren couldn’t resist drawing out that topic just a little further. “You don’t think you could hold it through a work day?,” she asked him.

“Well, I’m sure I could if I had to,” Troy perked up as though he too felt the question tied somewhat to his honor. There’s that male ego, Lauren smiled to herself. “It just might not be very comfortable,” he elaborated.

Not very comfortable… Lauren couldn’t help but picture it. It was a shame Troy didn’t know about the game. She could’ve texted him this afternoon when she found out about her office situation: Bathroom out of order, no peeing allowed until we get to the beach. Troy probably would’ve protested---But I just had a large soda with lunch, she pictured him texting back. Tell me about it, Imaginary Lauren would commiserate, I drank an extra cup of tea before I found out. Imaginary Troy would probably respond with a grimacing-face emoji, and Imaginary Lauren would assure him she’d be there as quick as she could after work to drive him to relief. And then, perhaps after a few more text messages during the day to keep each other going, they’d both be sitting in this car right now as full-bladdered participants in the game. Maybe Lauren would even have to “accidentally” make a wrong turn---see just who could wait the longest.

As she shifted the car into park, though, having arrived at their destination, it was clear that that wouldn’t be a competition she’d be able to continue much longer, no matter how much fun it would be knowing that Troy was in the same boat---knowing that his sphincter was trying its best to hold back the same flood. Ten hours was a long time to not pee. She wondered if Troy could last that long under similar circumstances. She’d certainly like to watch him try.

What if I could go and Troy couldn’t?, her mind wandered deviously back to a shopping trip a few months earlier when she’d done exactly that. “Can’t you wait?,” she’d asked him with feigned impatience. And in so doing, she’d pressured him to wait just long enough that any opportunity for him to go vanished. Her heart still pounded at the memory of Troy desperately hobbling into the woods, peeing like she’d never seen a person pee before. It had been an impressive display.

And for as much as it bought into that perhaps-unfair idea that men should be the master’s of their bladders, she couldn’t help but have a superior sort of feeling that her man could win a holding contest against any of her friends’ boyfriends. Now, that would be a fun game to watch, Lauren thought, picturing her and her friends plying their significant others with drinks, she imagined mischievously. Conveniently arranging for the men’s room to be out of order. Watching them grow increasingly uncomfortable, wondering which penis would be the first to leak. If only her friends played Lauren’s game too...

As tantalizing as the idea of a desperate Troy was, though, Lauren really was at her limit. She let out an exasperated sigh. “Alright, I have got to pee now,” she told Troy as she set off urgently across the parking lot, making her way toward the bathrooms. If she didn’t get to empty herself here and now, she really didn’t know what she’d do.

As Lauren rushed inside the ladies’ room, she found the solitary stall mercifully empty. Thanking her lucky stars, she danced inside and fumbled urgently with the lock for half a moment before giving up. There was no time for that. She undid her belt as quickly as she could, ripped down her pants and underwear in unison, and collapsed backward onto the toilet, a spurt of urine escaping before her butt even hit the seat.

She’d been holding so much for so long that she struggled to finish the job. Another spurt came out, then a thin trickle, then---finally---a thick stream. Lauren breathed a sigh of relief as her bladder finally began to shrink back down to its normal size. God, I needed that, she thought.

As Lauren walked away from the ladies’ room that had been her saving grace, she reveled in the feeling of her freshly emptied bladder. There really was no greater feeling in the world than that of letting it all out when you desperately needed to. And this occasion had most definitely qualified as desperate.

Still riding the high of that much needed relief, Lauren glimpsed a sign as she was about to turn the corner of the building: “Due to vandalism concerns, restrooms close at 7:00 PM.” She looked at her watch. Just after six, not quite an hour until closing time. I should probably give Troy a heads up before he starts drinking, she thought. She pictured a slightly buzzed Troy struggling to contain a full tank, his hand wandering down to his penis every few minutes in search of a way to relieve the pressure.

Then again, she thought, feeling an altogether different tingling between her legs, would it be so wrong to just neglect to mention that tiny little detail?. Her heart pounded a little at the idea. Perhaps tonight’s game was only just getting started.

Within about 45 minutes, the two of them had both downed a couple beers apiece and were starting to get just the tiniest bit handsy under the blanket. Lauren couldn’t help but run her hand down to his lower abdomen, eagerly wondering exactly how much fluid lay inside. She didn’t dare look at her watch---Troy might start to wonder just what she was timing. But it couldn’t be long, she thought deviously, until that fluid would have nowhere to go.

“Another drink, babe?,” Lauren greedily offered Troy a third bottle.

“Yeah, but maybe I’ll hit the restroom first...” Troy started to get up.

Lauren allowed herself a quick glance at her watch. 6:50 PM. Her mind raced into overdrive. That was quicker than she’d thought Troy would fill up. Did he not pee right before he left work? In any event, the bathrooms wouldn’t be locked for at least ten more minutes - and that was assuming whoever came around to lock the doors did so promptly on schedule. If tonight’s game was to continue, she had to do something. But in truth that was what made the game a challenge - thinking on her feet, delaying Troy for as long as possible while still appearing innocent, not knowing how long the game might last or just exactly how badly he needed to go. And so putting some of that on-the-spot thinking into action, Lauren threw her arms around his back and gently toppled them both down into a laying-down position.

“Why break the seal now?,” she asked him with a kiss. “We’re just going to have to pee again after the next drink.” That made sense, right? Kind of? It was perhaps not the smoothest move she’d ever made in this game, but it worked.

Troy swept his hand around her back and down to her butt, returning the kiss. “Whatever you want, babe.” He sounded as though he’d already forgotten about his bladder. Lauren, on the other hand, could hardly think of anything else. She ran her hands over the front of his pants, stroking for just a moment the fire hose whose reservoir she was determined to fill.

“You get handsy when you’ve been drinking,” Troy observed with a smile.

“Think I should have another one?,” Lauren mischievously grinned back.

Troy nodded.

“Alright,” she agreed as though she’d been talked into it. “But you can’t let me drink alone.” And with that, she thrust Troy’s third bottle at him. This game was shaping up quite nicely.

Half an hour later, both of their bottles long since emptied, Troy had made no further mention of the restroom. How much longer?, Lauren kept wondering with anticipation, carefully studying her boyfriend for any hint of the goings-on between his legs. Lauren’s own nether regions were starting to send signals that things were filling up. She hoped she wasn’t about to become the victim of her own game. But that was part of the thrill. Sometimes the game made her wait too, as if it were the universe’s way of reminding her not to dish it if she couldn’t take it. And Lauren wouldn’t have it any other way.

Seemingly an eternity later, it was finally showtime.

“Alright, I have to pee like a racehorse,” Troy admitted, getting up, “I’ll be back in a minute.”

“Hurry back,” Lauren said, trying not to grin. “I have to pee really bad too, and I don’t want to leave our stuff unattended.”

“Yeah, I’ll just be a few minutes,” Troy agreed, still hopelessly ignorant of the game that was afoot.

Lauren maintained the pretense of casual disinterest in Troy’s activities for about 30 seconds before turning around quietly to inspect her unsuspecting boyfriend. This was the sort of moment that she wished she could sense exactly what signals his bladder was sending. Like a racehorse, the words echoed in her mind. Just how badly did Troy think a racehorse needed to go?

To visual inspection, Troy still showed no signs of desperation. He walked normally, if perhaps a little slowly, negotiating the slight uphill grade without any obvious difficulty. And yet just underneath those pants, swaying slightly left and right with each step, she knew lay a penis that was holding something back. A penis that had been tingling with need one beer and almost an hour ago. A penis that thought it would be able to let it all flow out in just a moment. A penis that was about to be very disappointed.

Lauren lay down and curled on her side on the blanket, her heart pounding with anticipation, trying to position herself such that she could casually glance toward Troy without it being completely obvious that she was more interested in the parking lot than the beach. She tried to imagine just what exactly Troy might be doing after having disappeared around the corner of the building. Had he discovered the sign yet? Was he testing the door to see if it was truly locked? Looking around in search of other options?

Lauren hoped that whoever’s job it was to lock the doors wasn’t slacking. That would bring the game to an end very quickly. It had been a good game, admittedly. They’d held it together for a while. And there was no doubt that he’d be taking a long, much-needed pee even if it happened now. Troy’s racehorse statement alone had made this a memorable game.

But he’d get to pee, and then she’d go pee immediately thereafter. And that would be the end of tonight’s game, she thought as her eyes scanned eagerly for signs of Troy’s return. Unless… Suppose the keeper of the keys showed up just as Troy finished draining his grateful penis, locking the doors before Lauren could have a chance for relief. She hadn’t thought of that possible turn of events. It would serve her right, in a way, for trying to trap her unsuspecting boyfriend. And it would’ve been hot in a masochistic sort of way, she had to admit. She’d been a bad girl, trying to sabotage her boyfriend like that. And maybe Troy wouldn’t be very inclined to help her in her time of need if he knew what a bad girl she’d been.

As uncharacteristic of Troy as that would be, the idea of him telling her to hold it sent tingles down her spine. She’d never really been on the other side of the game before, not properly. Even when she was pushing herself rather than Troy, she was the one in the driver’s seat. She was the one who decided when enough was enough. How far would Troy push her, she wondered. And she pictured her own self now, hand jammed between her legs, bending at the knees, her ass bobbing desperately as though hoping to make the pee too dizzy to find its way to her urethra. Can’t you wait?, Imaginary Troy threw her own words against her. I’m trying my best, Imaginary Lauren bit her lip softly.

As it turned out, she didn’t have to wait very long to find out Troy’s fate. At the edge of her vision, Lauren saw Troy round the corner of the restroom building and head back toward her. That wasn’t enough time to pee, she thought with an intense wave of both relief and excitement. That meant she’d have to hold it too, her tingling bladder reminded her. But that only made it easier for her to imagine exactly what was going on in Troy’s body. And she pictured again that penis swaying slightly left and right as it made the disappointed journey back, feeling all the more pressure now that it knew that nagging tingle wasn’t going away any time soon.

“My turn?,” Lauren asked, carefully fishing for confirmation as Troy sat back down in their spot.

Troy shook his head. “Apparently the restrooms are locked for the night. You didn’t see the sign above the water fountain when you went earlier?”

“No, damn,” Lauren tried to remember to scrunch her face and feign a little disappointment, although it probably happened about half a second later than it should have. “I have to pee too,” she said quite truthfully.

“Maybe we should take a quick drive to that burger place we passed on the way here,” Troy suggested.

“Oh no,” Lauren went wide-eyed as though the suggestion were unthinkable, “I don’t want to miss the sunset.”

“I can hold it,” she said resolutely, snuggling closer, deliberately not inquiring as to whether he’d be okay waiting too. It just goes without saying, she thought with a quiet grin, men can hold it. “After the sun goes down, we can just pee outside.”

Troy furrowed his brow slightly. He wouldn’t have drunk so much if he’d known he’d have to keep it in until dark. The sun was getting low in the sky. It wouldn’t be much longer. But even so, his bladder was getting pretty full. Under the blanket, Troy adjusted his penis, tucking it down between his legs. The added pressure helped stem the tingle a little, but there was no forgetting he needed to go. This was becoming a common theme when he was out with Lauren. She was something of a bad luck charm when it came to matters of the bladder, it seemed.

Troy took some comfort, at least, in knowing that Lauren needed to go too. He was fairly certain he needed it more, of course. She peed when they first arrived there. He hadn’t emptied himself for a few hours before that. And under ordinary circumstances, five or so hours might not have been so taxing, but alcohol has a way of changing the picture. Still, Lauren wanted to see the sunset. And she’d been planning this evening all week.

The sun inched slower in the sky at a snail’s pace. Lauren found the anticipation almost unbearable. Her own bladder was really starting to make its needs known. It felt as though a spurt of urine were crawling down her urethra in an attempt to escape. She shifted her legs, sitting on the heel of her foot so as to casually apply pressure to her vulva. She imagined a similar bead of pee, a tiny little escapee from Troy’s bulging bladder full of the stuff, slowly crawling down the length of Troy’s penis. She tried to keep him talking---partly in the hopes that he wouldn’t get any more ideas of walking off in search of a restroom, but partly in hope that he’d volunteer a little more information as to exactly what was happening inside those pants of his.

“Do you want some water?,” Lauren asked him, trying to sound innocent but perhaps grinning just a little more than the situation called for. “You’re supposed to stay hydrated when you’ve been drinking.”

Troy’s bladder contracted a little at the suggestion. More liquid was not what he needed. “No, I think I’d better not,” he replied, not entirely appreciating the reminder of his situation. He shifted his weight again to try to get comfortable.

“Yeah, I don’t think I could hold anymore liquid right now either,” Lauren told him, her heart pounded again as she tried to get him to talk a little more about his situation. Normally she’d try not to dwell on it for fear of Troy discovering her game, but in her alcohol-disinhibited state Lauren was entirely too excited to know exactly what was happening behind that penis. Her hand wandered down toward it again, lingering a little longer this time. “I wonder which one of us has to pee more,” she blurted out with somewhat less tact than she ordinarily exercised during the game. It was hard to keep subtlety high on the priority list with liquid courage pounding through her veins and a tingling liquid ballast pushing at her sphincter.

“Well, you got to go more recently,” Troy responded, his mind not entirely on the conversation as he scanned the area for a semi-private location that could support a much-needed piss. If he were only wearing his swimming trunks, Troy might have been tempted to go in the ocean. Even if he were, though, it’d be rather cold for that. It wasn’t really beach weather, although the area still had just enough people milling about to make discreet outdoor urination a slightly difficult proposition. Most of the foliage at the edge of the beach scarcely came up to his knee. To the left, a modest patch of trees near the parking lot did beckon with the theoretical promise of a modicum of privacy, but not as long as there was a person sitting, reading, on an adjacent bench. To the right, a few boulders existed that might just shroud him. “Maybe I’ll just slip behind that boulder for a minute,” he told Lauren, deciding he was just desperate enough to do it.

“What about me?,” she responded indignantly. “You might be able to whip it out without anyone noticing, but I think people are going to see if I pull my pants down! We have to wait until it’s darker.”

“Well, you can wait until the sun goes down if you want,” Troy told her, exhaling sharply as he got up. His bladder was positively swollen at this point with the effects of those beers.

“That’s not very nice,” Lauren whined mischievously, chasing after him, “letting it all out while your girlfriend has to hold it in.”

“I’ve got three beers inside me too,” she objected. Her heart pounded even harder. The jostle of hastening after Troy had stirred up her own bladder, and Troy must be in so much worse shape if he wasn’t even breaking stride to discuss it. Watching Troy unleash his maximum capacity was not exactly going to help her wait. But it also wasn’t a show she intended to miss if it was happening.

“Babe, I can only do so much here,” Troy explained as he maneuvered behind the largest of the boulders, unzipping as he walked. Lauren maneuvered around to Troy’s other side, determined to have a view of the action. Troy, starting to flow, was too distracted to care very much where Lauren was standing.

Troy’s stream grew in force, splashing off the rock. He quickly adjusted to hit the sand below. Lauren curtseyed a little at the sound, but she couldn’t help but be impressed yet again at the sheer volume pouring out of him. This was someone who could really hold some pee, she thought as she gazed admiringly at the penis that did such a good job waiting for such a long time.

Lauren’s heart pounded harder and harder, as each second it continued to pour served as more and more testament to just how much pee his poor body had been holding. When he finally finished, Lauren was breathing hard, her face flushed, grinning broadly.

It took a moment for Troy to even remember Lauren was there as his whole body shuddered from his urgent release into the cool night air. But when he did turn his gaze back to her, he realized he wasn’t the only one whose body had been in overdrive just now. Troy studied her for a moment, curiously.

“You liked that...,” he remarked with a sly grin.

