Jenna and the Drug Test

Author: Jimmy Lang

*000*2020-07-30 21:22

Always visit the restroom when you need to because you might not get another chance. Jenna knew this. She KNEW this, and yet here she was in traffic, parked on the highway behind a trailer truck, and bouncing her leg up and down and twisting the fabric of her tight black yoga pants in a death grip. “Mmmm,” she moaned in frustration and despair and mounting pee desperation.

Jenna needed to have a drug test for her new job. Peeing in a cup. She was running some errands beforehand and when she felt the urge to go, she decided to save it for the test. It wasn’t supposed to take this long to get there, though. In fact, she should have been done and home by now, if it weren’t for this unexpected traffic. Always check your traffic app. Another thing she knew.

Jenna thought about abandoning the mission, pulling off the highway and shuffling into a coffee shop to pee. She fantasized about the clattering sound of the stall door slamming shut, the sensation of her soft lycra pants and pink cotton bikini panties sliding down her skin, and of the familiar surging relief in her groin. But no. She could wait. “It’s not that bad,” she decided. Plus, if she let it all out now, she would have to wait before she could do the test, and she needed to get it done soon to start work. She grunted in frustration.

Jenna’s need was to pee was increasing. She could feel the familiar hot pressure between her legs, and was starting to feel the pressure of her waist band across her tight stomach. She groaned in frustration and banged her hand against the steering wheel. She could make it; it was just going to be uncomfortable.

Jenna started to grind her tight, athletic butt cheeks into the car seat to help with her hold, but the brake lights in front of her blinked off, and she needed to drive. “At least we’re moving now,” she muttered under her breath, and turned up the radio. “But damn I have to pee. This suuucks.”

###

Michael was at his desk in the lobby of DuraLab Services (a boring job) when he saw the tall woman with short blonde hair and bangs coming up the path outside with quick, mincing steps. She had black yoga pants that hugged her muscular thighs and followed the curve of her hips, ending against her belly button on her flat stomach. A flash of her flat tummy was exposed just where her white tank top ended. Michael saw the young woman toss an iced coffee cup into the trash with unusual force as she came up.

The woman power-walked right up to Michael – he could swear she gave a little sigh as she came in through the door – and introduced herself. “I’m here for an appointment,” she said, stress in here voice and talking fast. He had seen this before. “Sure,” he said. “I have you in our system. First I just need you to fill out these forms.”

###

Jenna sat with her legs as tightly together as she could, twisting and driving her right heel into the floor like she was trying to dig a hole in it. Her bladder was nagging her incessantly and she knew she had made a mistake with this. She fantasized about running next door to the little restaurant – and it would be a run! – and finally just peeeeeing! Or about begging to be let in to use the bathroom here in the lab. Screw the test. But she had to get this done. Her leg bouncing was screwing up her handwriting and Jenna had to stop. She clenched every muscle below her waist hard, bit her lip as her crotch burned. Flip the page. Just one more. She checked boxes without hardly looking at them, and scribbled a signature before practically jumping out of her chair and rushing over to the reception desk.

###

Bang! Michael jumped in surprise as the attractive customer slammed the clipboard down on his desk. “Sorry. All set. Can I please do the test now?” She asked. Michael saw her give a little curtsy. The woman looked flushed, like she had just gone for a quick jog, and her cheeks were starting to go red.

“Um, just a moment,” Michael said. “We have one other person in back, then we have to get everything all set. It should just be a minute or two.”

The woman looked crestfallen and her body dipped again as she quickly bent her knees twice before straightening back up. “OK,” she said, terse, and Michael had a great view of her beautiful round bottom as she moved back to her chair. The woman crossed her legs in a tight twist, right over left, with her right foot looping back around her left heel in a double knot. She puffed air from between her lips and began to bounce in her seat. One, two, three bounces and she was back up, across the room again in a flash, and back in front of the desk.

“I’m sorry, but I really need to go,” she said, her voice small and starting to range into a high pitch. I’ve been waiting for the test and now I need to go pretty bad. It won’t be much longer, right? Can I please go now? Please?”

Michael did want to help her. “I’ll go check,” he said, and went into the back to hurry the technician along. She was just about ready, and asked for Michael to escort the patient. Just as he got back to his desk, he heard a soft, muttered “Oh man,” and found the woman bent nearly double, with her hands in her crotch. When she realized Michael was there, she jerked upright and put her hands on her hips, rubbing them up and down her thighs. She looked at Michael pleadingly.

“They’re ready for you,” he said. “Follow me.”

“Ohthankgod,” the woman said, talking fast. She practically ran through the door to the back when Michael opened it.

###

Julia, the lab tech, saw a woman practically jogging toward her, her cheeks flushed, blonde bangs sticking to her forehead, bent over a little bit with her hands across her stomach. “Uh oh, another one,” she thought.

“Hi, I’m Julia,” she said, stepping forward.

The patient gazed at her intently as Julia handed over a sample cup and started her speech: wipe first, pee into the cup, finish into the toilet. The woman grabbed it and curtsied in front of her, sucking on her lip.

“I’m so sorry, I just really have to go,” she said.

“Happens all the time,” Julia told her, but the woman had already turned and practically flew into the little bathroom, the door of which slammed closed and quivered. Julia had to stand guard to time her patient, make sure she didn’t try to smuggle in someone else’s sample or try any other funny business, so she stood outside the door. Maybe this desperate girl scene was an act. Wouldn’t be the first time. But the door was thin, and Julie immediately knew there was nothing untoward happening here. Julia heard “Oh no, oh no,” followed by a few shuffling steps, and the unmistakable plopping sound of a butt collapsing onto a toilet seat, the impact a little louder than usual. There was a half sigh, half moan sound, and a roaring jet of pee in the toilet. After a few seconds, the sound disappeared, then returned a few seconds later. It was a waterfall. “Poor girl,” Julia thought.

###

Jenna was barely listening to the lab tech go through her spiel, her embarrassment matched only by her pulsing, burning need to urinate immediately. She was about to go in her pants, right outside of a bathroom, while this poor worker yammered on. She needed to PEE. She was going to explode!

Julia had no choice but to grab herself. “I’m so sorry, I just really have to go,” she whimpered, mortified, and grabbed the cup the second it seemed like she was allowed to do so. The race was on. Finally she could PEE! She streaked into the bathroom, little cup in one hand, her vagina tightly clenched with the other. She could feel every fold of her straining, engorged flesh through her thin yoga clothes.

Jenna slammed the door shut and began to curtsy frantically as she hooked her free hand into her waistband. She could feel her pee burning and surging within her, and it moved in knife-hot slow motion right to the edge of her lips. She was staring at the toilet, losing control.

“Oh no, oh no,” she whimpered, as the dam burst and she began to flood her panties. She got her pants down past her hips, then a little further, as urine rushed out of her tight, shaven pussy at an angle. Jenna threw herself across the room, pivoted, and collapsed onto the toilet.

“UUggghhhh,” the relief! OH god, finally! OH!

Her urine strained and surged out of her as her mouth went slack and she exhaled deeply. Her firm butt cheeks were squeezed tight on the toilet. The relief was heavenly. “Oh thank god,” she thought.

Then she remembered the sample! She still had the cup in her left hand, and placed it under her surging stream. Urine frothed in the cup violently, hitting her hand and nearly filling it in moments. Jenna pulled it aside and kept flowing into the toilet bowl, thankful that she had avoided peeing her pants.

Twenty seconds, 30 seconds, 40 seconds – her urine continued to surge, then flow, then trickle. Sighing again, Jenna sagged onto the toilet and forced out the last few drops. She took stock of the damp spot on her panties. She cleaned up as best as she could, and scolded herself for playing it so close. Thank god she had made it, though.

###

Julia watched the woman emerge from the bathroom, holding her little cup, sweat on her top and with stooped, embarrassed shoulders, but still looking in her flushed face like she had just gotten the best news of her life. Total. Relief. The customer left as fast as she could.

It was all in a day’s work.

*003*2020-09-19 22:15

{{20 hours ago, Xx4evRockerxX said:

This could TOTALLY expand into other encounters Julia has had. Maybe even a busy day when Julia herself is postponed related to her job. Well done

}}

Nice suggestion. Maybe she has to barge into line in front of a customer, or use a sample jar at her desk. Did someone say SPINOFF!? LOL. I'll do it if I get inspired. I have another idea right now actually, but feel free in the meantime if you want to. This can officially be a licensed property.

