Sister's look out for one another

Author: JacobEvie

*000*2016-07-17 13:58

It had been a busy day at Cantelot High. Principal Celestia had been dealing with unruly or bothered students all morning and was in desperate need a small break.

“I understand, but you need to be more assertive.” Celestia was saying.

The student nodded and rose from the chair, heading over to the door and opening it to find Twilight just about to knock. Celestia cursed her luck, but put on a front.

“Twilight, do come in.” She greeted forcefully, with a pained smile.

Twilight headed in, making sure to close the door after her, to then quickly take a seat in front of her new Principal.

“So, what can I do for you today?” She asked.

Twilight opened her mouth and after that Celestia would be seat for quite some time.

………..

Just down the hall in a dimly lit room sat Vice Principal Luna. She placed the last file down on her desk with a sigh and quickly looked to her watch.

“Damn, yet another two hour long meeting in five minutes.” She cursed, before getting up from her chair.

She picked up the files just as a knock was heard at her door.

“What is it?” she asked, grumpily.

The door opened, revealing one of the newest of the staff members.

“Staff meeting in five,” he reminded her.

“Yes, thank you. Mr Doodle!” She slightly snapped back.

He grunted and shut the door again, leaving Luna to finish off tiding things away. After everything had been put away, she headed out. Closing the door behind her, she then looked down the hall. Celestia had a habit of putting meeting off, if she was still in a conversation with one of her students or working.

Luna made her way over to her sister’s office and knocked on the door. She could hear her sister talking to a student and decided to open the door.

“Meeting in five,” she told her, tapping her watch.

Celestia nodded and turned back to Twilight.

“We will have to finish this off later. It seems I’m need in a staff meeting.”

Twilight nodded and quickly scooped up her bag in her arms, before ducking under Luna’s outstretched arm as she held the door open. She then let it shut after her and turned to her sister.

“Everything alright?” She asked, looking to Celestia who was looking a little troubled.

“I just need to make a quick….” She was cut off with a knock at the door.

Luna opened it to find Cranky once again.

“We’re on our way!” She told him, before slamming the door.

Celestia got herself up slowly, not bothering to put away her things.

“Are you alright, Celie?” She asked.

Celestia gave her a smile, “I’m fine. Now let’s just get this meeting over with.”

“Let’s,” Luna agreed, opening the door again.

Celestia followed her sister on, she really could have done with making a quick stop at the ladies room, but that would mean being late to the meeting. The later they were the longer the meeting would go on and she was an adult, not a child. Adults had more control.

“You can do this Celestia,” she told herself, taking a deep breath.

Luna headed over to the water dispenser, turning to her sister as she got her self a cup.

“Do you want one?” she asked her.

Celestia held up a hand, “None for me, thank you.”

Luna nodded and proceeded to fill her cup, before taking a seat next to Celestia. She sipped at it, making Celestia turn away.

“These meeting are so boring,” Luna complained quietly, so only her sister could hear her.

Celestia nodded, not fully taking in what her sister had told her. She looked out of the window desperately trying to take her mind of her pressing need.

“Is that right Principal Celestia,” one of the teachers called to her.

Luna jabbed her in the arm, making her jump slightly with a small gasp. She turned to face him and answered, “Yes, I couldn’t agree more.”

Satisfied with her answer he smiled and sat back down, which now started up more talking.

“You agreed to that,” Luna told her.

Celestia looked to her with a puzzled expression. Luna was just about to speak when another teacher called for silence. Celestia was glad of it, but not of the waiting time she had to endure. She crossed her legs, making sure to keep her hands away from herself. She would be covered by the table, but what if Luna caught her holding herself, what kind of impression would that make of her.

Luna sighed and rested her chin on her hand, offering her advice now and again.

“You’re awfully quiet today, sister. Are you sure you’re alright?” Luna asked, watching as her sister shifted her position.

Celestia just gave her a small nod, her right hand was gripping tightly on her trousers. Luna looked back to the other teachers, before drinking the last of her water. She then headed over to get a re-fill.

As she sat back down, she offered the cup to Celestia who shook her head.

“I told you no already,” she hissed, getting a look from other teacher in front of her.

“Sorry,” Luna apologised, as she took her seat again.

Celestia felt bad for snapping at her, but right now she had bigger things to worry about. She was now switching legs, rocking slightly to try and ease herself, but it just wasn’t happening. Luna grew concerned now and placed her cup down after downing the second lot of water.

“Celestia, I know there’s something wrong so don’t deny it.” Luna whispered to her.

She looked to Luna, with pain filled eyes.

“I need to go badly,” she confessed.

Luna mentally slapped herself, of course, that’s why she refused the water and wanted to go before the meeting.

“I’m so sorry, sister. If I’d have known, I….” Celestia stopped her.

“It’s alright,” she smiled. “I can wait.”

She wondered if what she had told her was really true, or whether she’d end up wetting herself in front of all the staff members.

“Would you like me to excuse you?” Luna asked.

Celestia shook her head, “No, I’ll go after the meeting.”

Luna nodded and slid her hand under the table to meet with Celestia’s that was gripping onto her trousers. Celestia loosened her grip to let Luna hold it.

“You can do it, sister.” Luna encouraged.

Celestia just swallowed and gripped her sister’s hand tightly. The meeting went on and on for what felt like an eternity. Luna felt her sister grip tighter and looked to her. She was in a state of panic.

“Celie?” She asked, as she watched her sister grab herself.

“I’m sorry Luna,” she replied, feeling her face grow red.

“Don’t worry about it. I don’t think any less of you,” Luna reassured.

Celestia then quickly pulled her hand free from Luna to help in the desperate struggle. Luna heard her gasp and looked the see a slight wet spot on the front of her sister’s trousers.

“Celie,” she comforted.

“I think that is everything covered,” a teacher called out. “Does anyone have anything more to add?”

A few head shakes and things were looking up.

“Vice Principal Luna?” he now asked.

“That’s all from me,” she told him.

“Principal Celestia?”

Celestia looked up and shook her head.

“You haven’t contributed much this time around. Was everything alright?”

Celestia forced a smile, “Yes, I think everything was perfect.”

“Then it’s settled, we can all leave.”

They all sighed and the talking started up once again.

“I don’t think that Principal Celestia made a good decision back there,” one was heard.

Another shrugged, “Can’t question her now can we.”

Luna looked back to her sister, just as the room began to empty.

“Come on, Celie.” Luna called from the doorway.

“I-I can’t Luna,” she answered almost in tears.

Luna looked to her sympathetic. She’d never seen Celestia like this before. She rushed over to her and sat back in her seat.

“What can I do?” she asked.

“Can you help me up?”

Luna jumped to her feet and was quick to grab her sister by the arm. Celestia moaned at the suddenness of the movement, as more leaked out of her.

“I’m sorry,” Luna apologised again, as Celestia did her best to hold on.

She just managed to stop herself, while Luna looked about the room for anything they could use.

“I don’t think I’m going to make it,” Celestia panicked.

“You will sister,” Luna encouraged again, trying to get her to the door at a very slow pace.

Celestia stopped suddenly, “Luna!”

Luna stopped and looked down, watching as her sister's trousers grew darker.

“Celie,” she called to her.

Celestia felt shame and embarrassment wash over her. This was the first time in her life that she had ever wet herself in front of Luna. She couldn’t move a muscle, just stuck on the spot with a puddle at her feet.

Luna looked to her, before rubbing her back.

“Come on. Let’s get you home shall we?” She said sweetly, as she pulled her away from the puddle.

Celestia let herself be taking by her sister, she’d wanted so much to cry and curl up. But she was the older sister so there would be none of that. She swallowed her pride and lifted her head. Luna smiled at her, knowing her sister had put on her professional self once again.

Luna checked the halls and led Celestia out. She unlocked the car and helped her sister into the passenger seat.

“Luna, I can’t.” She protested.

“Just get in the car,” Luna demanded, making sure that Celestia did as she was told.

She shut the door, then got into the driver’s seat and took off for home. She’d phone the school as soon as she was home, while Celestia showered and dressed once again. Luckily it was a Friday, that meant Celestia had the weekend to recover from her embarrassment.

