Amusement park female

Author: Joey1234

*000*2019-04-18 22:26

Once right and sunny summer's afternoon a girl of 15 called Molly walked through the amusement part gates with her mother and her sisters Jamie who was 8 and her baby sister Bailey in her pram being pushed by her mother they started the day by getting some lunch in which Molly and Jamie both drank two large Pepsi's along with some food whilst there mother gave Bailey her bottle. after that Molly and Jamie went on some rides whilst their mother sat at the side since it was a really warm day both of the girls carried a water bottle between them which they eventually downed along with more drinks from a vending machine. after about 3 hours in their mother said she was taking Bailey to the baby part of the park and that we were to meet her by the entrance at 4 pm.

The girls agreed and went on with there day. after a while the liquid was making its way down to their bladders and they were starting to squirm whilst walking around until Jamie spoke up "I need to pee" she said to her older sister she replied with "makes two of us come on let's go" both girls hurried to a bunch of bathrooms only to find them closed or with lines stretching out the door. at this point both girls had their hands in their crouched and sometimes bent oover to stop the pee Jamie then froze and said "Molly I just dribbled in my pants" Molly realised her sister couldn't hold on for much longer and neither would she it then she had an idea.

"Jamie come with me mid way through that sentence a jet of pee shot into her own panties causing her to help and bend over to stem the flow of trapped urine. Molly took her sisters hand and led her to the back of the park behind some bushes and said to her "we are going to have to see here" Jamie looked at her sister with where shock and replied with "how" she replied with "okay get your underwear to your knees and I'll hold you in place and don't tell mom about this" her sister followed the order and she lowered her panties and Molly placed her arms under her arm pits and got her into a low squat and she simply told her to release. when Jamie did this a thick jet of pee shot out of her leaving a puddle on the dirt and all the while Molly was trying not to pee her own pants and trying to block out her sisters sighs of relief .

Molly was impressed at how much her sister was holding as she pee for 45 seconds before it cut off. Jamie stood up and pulled her underwear up and Molly told her to keep watch whilst she peed this would be easy since she was wearing a skirt she got herself into a low squat and with a sigh she released her thick yellow stream onto the dirt below causing a low splash along side her sighs of relief. though she didn't get to enjoy this for long as her sister shouted "Stop someone's coming Molly immedatey cut off her stream causing her urethra to feel like it's burning she got her panties up but she couldn't stop the stream she had been holding too much and the piss stream started again in her underwear causing her white panties to darken as she and her sister ran off with Molly leaving a trail of pee behind her.

When they stopped running Molly lifted her skirt to inspect the damage she saw that her panties had been completely darkened by her flow but due to the length of her skirt was not noticeable she then saw the time and realised they had to meet their mum and before they left she told Jamie not to tell her and she agreed when they met up with her they left like nothing ever happened.

