The Drying Room

Author: JensH2

*000*2020-10-27 22:38

Dear fellow Omo enthusiasts!

This is my first story posted in this subforum. I’ve only written a few in my native language (which is German), but this was more than ten years ago. So basically it’s a first. I’d love you to read it and give me some constructive feedback – regarding the story itself or my use of the English language. As I said I’m not a native speaker even though I consider my English half decent. Still, if you see any significant mistakes in Grammar or word choice, feel free to tell me – I’m eager to learn.

Of course I’d also be happy to receive feedback regarding the story and my writing in general. It’s a rather long one with a lot of “backstory”. Do you like it? Does the story move you somehow, does it turn you on? Please be open and constructive. Thanks!

The Drying Room

Amalia was a coworker-turned-friend. We were part of a group of like minded colleagues that regularly met for after-work drinks. On one of those occasions Amalia and I had talked about our upcoming holiday plans. We realized we both had the same preferences – hiking in the outdoors, backcountry camping, no luxuries – and each of us was looking for a traveling partner since we were both single at that time. So it was obvious we might as well spent our next trip together.

Amalia had that special kind of femininity. Standing almost six feet tall and slim, even though with some minor love handles around her hip, she was a bit of a tomboy. She had incredibly long legs and wore pants or shorts most of the time – you’d rarely see her in a skirt or dress. Her facial features, framed in light brown hair often tied into a ponytail, were sharp and chiseled. The nails of her slender fingers were always short and never painted because she was a rock climber. She was an adventurer, being in her mid-thirties she had traveled half of the world already. Appearing a little aloof if you just met her, she was warm and affectionate once you knew her better. I liked her a lot. Actually I have to admit I had fallen for her a little bit. I’m not sure whether she had noticed.

So we went to Chilean Patagonia and explored the outdoors, it was terrific. Two weeks into our trip we were taking a day off. We were sitting in the lounge of our hostel all day, writing picture postcards and surfing the internet while it was raining outside. And we were happy to finally find some time to do the laundry – we’d have fresh and clean clothes for the last week of our trip, yay!

We had been lucky and had gotten the latest time slot at the washing machine. So at around ten o’clock, just before night rest, we fetched our wet laundry from the machine and went down to the drying room in the basement. It was just a small chamber with a laundry rack. Some cleaning supplies were stored in a shelf, other than that the room was windowless and empty. A bare light bulb was dangling from the ceiling.

After we had both entered the room and had just started to put our clothes on the rack, the heavy door thunked shut with a loud, discomforting noise. We looked at each other, startled.

Amalia went to the door. “Damn, it’s shut”, she said. “I can’t open it!”

I went to help her, convinced that she just lacked the strength. But I couldn’t open it either. I pushed and pulled with increasing power, but it wouldn’t budge. It seemed as if something had gotten jammed or maybe the latch had broken somehow. I threw myself against the door with all my weight, but it just wouldn’t move.

Amalia started to look worried. “What can we do?” she asked.

“Probably just wait if someone else comes along and finds us?” I answered. “Of course we can try and call for help, but I doubt that anyone will hear it upstairs.”

“Let’s at least try!” she said and so we yelled as loud as we could for a minute or two. She spoke a little Spanish, but even that didn’t seem to do the trick. “¡Socorro!” - we waited for five minutes, hoping for help to arrive, but nothing happened. And our cell phones were upstairs, in our room. We probably wouldn’t have had a signal anyway.

“Let’s see it this way.” I said, “it’s warm in here” – I pointed to the heat pipes at the ceiling, those being the reason why this was the designated drying room – “and if no one finds us tonight, someone will tomorrow in the morning. And our clothes will work as a mattress for the night!”

Amalia nodded. “That’s fine.” she answered, “There’s just one thing we lack in here, toothbrush aside. We don’t have a toilet.”

“That’s true” I said, “That’s not part of the drying room amenities. Why, do you need to go?” I felt myself getting nervous in a pleasant way, but naturally I didn’t want to show it too much.

“To be honest I do!” she said, “Actually I have to go for a while now, but then I thought I could wait until after we’ve hung up our laundry. Of course I assumed it was just a matter of ten minutes.” She paused for a second. “But I’m a big girl, I can hold it in.”

Time passed and nothing happened. Since we had been the last ones to do laundry that day, it was unlikely that anyone else would want to use the drying room. And since most other guests had already gone to bed and the lone staff member for the night probably sat in front of the TV, we were on our own in the basement. We tried to make the best of the situation and chatted for a while – after all, we could have had worse company while being locked in. I grabbed a plastic bucket from the shelf, put it upside down on the floor and sat on it, Amalia found a small wooden crate and made herself comfortable. We talked about past trips and adventures and we had fun. This would just be another one of those memories in the future.

For almost an hour, Amalia didn’t mention her need to use the toilet again. But at around eleven o’clock, she suddenly grimaced and moved uncomfortably. “I’m afraid I really need to pee now.” she said and looked distraught.

I felt for her, but at the same time the situation turned me on. I tried hard to keep my composure.

“I’m really sorry.”, I answered, and added – half joking, half serious – “If it’s that urgent, I could lend you my bucket.”

She looked at the bucket I was sitting on and seemed to weigh the options. “Nah”, she finally said, “I can hold it a little longer!”

But it seemed like we were stuck there for the night, our chances of being rescued before dawn were minimal. While we continued talking, Amalia’s desperation was getting more and more apparent. She was sitting there in her dark blue shorts, her gorgeous legs crossed, getting increasingly fidgety. At one point she clenched her thighs tightly and crammed one hand between them – for a second she seemed oblivious to the fact that it didn’t look very ladylike, but then she quickly relaxed and tried to play it cool. I told some kind of innocent joke to ease the situation – she smiled politely, but you could see she was in pain.

At quarter to midnight she bent over for a second and moaned. “Don’t you think we could call for help again?”

“Sure, we can try. Though I doubt it’ll wake anyone.”

We yelled and tried to get someone’s attention – but Amalia’s voice had gotten rather quiet by now. It was obvious she needed most of her physical strength to keep control of her bladder muscles. I was beginning to worry for her.

Just two minutes later, after we couldn’t hear anything from the other side of the door, she suddenly stood up, looking agonized. “I’m sorry, but I’m about to burst.” she said, blushing. “Would you please give me that bucket and look the other way? Because if you don’t, I’ll piss myself in less than a minute!”

Before she had even finished that last sentence, I felt myself get hard. Which, I feared, she might notice if I got up now. So for a moment I just looked at her, not knowing what to do. She had already unbuttoned her shorts and was starting to pull them down. I could see she was wearing pink bikini briefs.

“Pleeeease, I’m dead serious. I just can’t hold it any longer!” She almost cried.

I realized it was a real emergency and staying put on that bucket would have gotten me into more trouble than being caught with an unwanted erection. So I jumped up, handed her the bucket and turned around.

Only a second or two had elapsed before I heard a distinct whizz, then the drumming noise of her urine hitting the bottom of the bucket. At first I stared at the laundry rack, then I closed my eyes. I was trying to be a nice guy, but my imagination was running wild. My dick was prickling and I could feel a drop of precum emerge.

The constant sound of her hard stream subsided and was replaced by a staccato of spurts and trickles. Whenever I thought she was finished, I could hear yet another jet splash into the bucket. Her bladder must’ve been full to the brim. After what seemed like an eternity, there was silence.

She regained her voice: “Do you have a tissue with you?”

“I’m afraid not!”

For a moment she was quiet and seemed to gauge if not wiping was an option, but decided against it.

“Would you hand me my towel then? And don’t look please!”

I picked up her freshly laundered towel, which had already dried on the rack during the two hours we’d been in this room, and blindly handed it to her.

Two minutes later she told me that she was done. I opened my eyes and she was dressed again. At first I couldn’t see the bucket, but then I noticed she had hidden it on the shelf behind a large pack of detergent. The towel lay in one corner of the room, neatly rolled up.

“Okay, I’m fine now.” She sounded a little sheepish and you could tell she wasn’t fine. She was abashed. I felt for her and cautiously hugged her – luckily, my erection had waned. “I’m sorry Amalia, our day shouldn’t end like this, down here in the basement!”

With her body so close to mine I realized how wonderful she smelled. She never used any perfume – at least I never noticed any on her – and her body odor was natural and a little musky, in a good and sexy way.

She let me hold her for just a few seconds, then she broke the hug and tried to gather her confident self. “No use waiting and hoping any longer. So let’s build our makeshift beds and go to sleep.”

At that point my own bladder was starting to attract my attention. The urge was tolerable, but I realized I probably wouldn’t make it through the night. Also I somehow wanted to get a hold of that bucket.

“How about you prepare our camp while it’s my turn to use the bathroom?” I said, approached the shelf and reached for the bucket.

She looked embarrassed. “Do you really have to?” she asked. It was obvious she didn’t want me to pee into the same bucket that she had just used.

“Well, what can I do? I need to go too!”

At first I thought she’d argue some more, but then she seemed to realize she couldn’t refuse me the relief that had just been permitted to her. So she gave up and turned around, starting to make our beds.

I removed the bucket from the shelf and peeked into it. It was filled with an impressive amount of liquid, straw yellow in color, and I noticed that lightly salty smell of fresh urine emerge from it. I touched the bottom of the bucket with one hand and through the plastic I could feel the warmth that had come from Amalia’s body. I wanted to cherish this moment as long as possible, but on the other hand I didn’t want to make her suspicious. So I whipped out my dick, half erect, and with a little bit of extra effort I managed to empty my bladder. The amount was laughable compared to what Amalia had produced, but seeing my pee join hers in the bucket almost felt… romantic? After having finished I put the bucket back on the shelf.

Meanwhile, Amalia had arranged our clothes on the floor so that we had a soft layer to bed down on. Also she had changed for the night. She had donned gray pajama bottoms and a sweatshirt that she had found in her laundry. I also noticed that she wore white cotton panties underneath – they peeked out at the waistband. Those were probably warmer than the cute pink ones I’d seen earlier.

We were both very tired, so without talking too much, we turned off the lights and lay down on our improvised bedding. I looked at her and tried to put her at ease: “Hey Amalia, I must say it’s been a wonderful trip so far. And now it seems like the two of us have overcome our first unexpected adventure too.” Despite the darkness I could see she was smiling. “Don’t get excited just yet!” she said, “Let’s wait if someone even finds us tomorrow.” I laughed, we said goodnight and despite the inconvenience of having just a thin layer of t-shirts between my back and the hard stone floor, I fell asleep quickly.

---

I woke up from a dream, one of those you can’t remember. It felt like it was still in the middle of the night – even though I couldn’t really tell due to the lack of windows. Some artificial light from the basement crawled in from under the stuck door. I heard Amalia breathe steadily, she was a sound sleeper. My eyes were slowly adjusting to the dimness and suddenly something in the nearest corner of the room caught my attention. It was Amalia’s towel, the one she had used to wipe herself with. It hadn’t been moved since she put it there, she had likely forgotten about it.

My mind started spinning. Where I was positioned I could probably reach the towel without getting up. I listened carefully once again – she was definitely asleep. This was an offer I couldn’t refuse. I leaned out from my makeshift mattress and stretched my arm so that I could just touch the towel with my fingers. Cautiously I pulled it towards me, grabbed it and held it tight like a treasure while I felt my heart pounding in my chest. Would this thing still have a damp spot? Would I be able to catch a whiff of her scent? Or had it already dried up and all hints of Amalia’s pee had been spoilt?

Carefully I unfolded the towel and noticed that something had been put inside. A small, soft object. I touched it and the fabric felt a little moist, even fairly wet in some places.

Suddenly it struck me! I had just found Amalia’s pink bikini briefs. This explained why I’d seen her wear different panties during the course of the evening. She hadn’t changed into cotton underwear because those were warmer for the night. She had changed because she had only almost made it! She had peed herself – and not just a little, I could tell after a closer inspection. Those panties had been soaked quite a bit! It all made sense now – her awkwardness, the feeling of shame I sensed. And then she had tried to hide the evidence from me.

My heart was racing and my penis was rock hard! I clung to those panties, afraid what might happen once I took them all in. I was about to absorb the wetness of Amalia, the woman I’d fallen for, about to savour her flavor, her fragrance!

Slowly I guided the damp fabric to my nose and I inhaled deeply. The scent entered my olfactory system and I traveled into a dream world. Like a sommelier I smelled Amalia’s musky body odor, I smelled her pussy and I smelled the urine that she had held back for so long, only to lose control in the very last second.

And then… my final conscious perception before drifting off completely was the first squirt of hot semen spreading in my pants…

Afterword:

In case you’re interested: The story and the setting is fictional of course, but Amalia has a real life counterpart. Actually writing this story was a part of me trying to cope with a bad case of “lover’s grief”. I never had any pee/desperation situations with real life Amalia (whose name is different) though, but she broke my heart big time.

