An Unusual University

Author: Justin20

*000*2024-08-03 04:58

This was inspired in part by some comments @Ms. Tito made on an "omo fiction wishlist" thread a few weeks ago. Focus is on casual/outdoor/group urination, involving a wide variety of genders and trans characters. Enjoy!

Chapter 1

Adam Collins set his duffel bag on the mattress, dumped his backpack on the empty desk, and looked around his dorm room.

Let’s take a look at my home for the next nine months, he said to himself. First: How’s the mattress?

He sat down on the bed and laid back. Not too bad. It’ll feel fine once I get some sheets on there.

Next he examined the desk, and was satisfied to find that it had ample room for laptop, scratch paper, and a textbook to sit side by side. Then, turning to the wall, he opened the thick curtain over the window and squinted out at the desert. Jesus, it’s bright! That reminds me… Does the AC work?

Adam turned the dial on the wall-mounted unit and was relieved to feel cool air blowing from the vents within a few seconds. He was still drenched in sweat from the walk across campus with his bags, and he sat in front of the air conditioner for a minute before finishing off his water bottle in one large gulp. I better figure out where the water fountain is in here.

Walking through the hall, Adam quickly glanced through the open doors into the other rooms on his floor, which were occupied by freshmen unpacking their bags or waving goodbye to their parents. He found the water fountains at the end of the hall, next to the restrooms and the exit door. There was a poster next to the fountain:

CONSERVE WATER!

SAVE THE AQUIFER!

If you know, you know.

…

Adam had been back in his dorm room for a few minutes, unpacking his bags, when there was a knock at the door. He jumped over the pile of clothes on the ground and threw the door open.

“Hey, I’m Diego Saenz,” the newcomer said. “You must be my roommate.”

“Name’s Adam. Nice to meet you, Diego. I took the bed on the left, if that’s cool with you.”

“It sure is,” Diego said, and set his stuff down on the other bed. “Whew, I’m glad you’ve got the AC turned on. It’s a real scorcher out there today.”

“I’m from Pittsburgh,” Adam said. “I’ve never felt heat like this before in my life.”

Diego laughed. “Oh, man, you’re in for a rough time! Well, I’m from around here, and I’ll tell you that most of the days are going to be like this until September.”

“Oh, God.”

“Yeah, welcome to the Southwest. Drink plenty of water and you’ll be fine.”

…

Adam and Diego spent the afternoon unpacking and talking. It came to light that Adam was studying biology, and Diego was in the literature program. They had both run cross country in high school, and made plans to run together on Saturday. At one point, Diego left for a while and came back with a jug of lemonade from a corner store, which he and Adam drained over the next two hours as they hung posters and shoved clothes into drawers.

As the afternoon drew to a close, Adam finally emptied out his last bag and flopped down on his bed, wiping sweat from his brow. “You all done over there?” Diego asked.

“Almost,” Adam replied. “I’ve still got to hang my posters.”

“What posters do you have?”

“Eh, you know, normal stuff. An illustrated guide to the constellations… A historical street map of Pittsburgh… but I don’t want to do all that now.”

“Then get over here and help me hang my stuff.” Diego put a box of thumbtacks on his desk as Adam walked over. “I want to make a photo collage on my wall and since you’re tall I need you to get some of the pictures up high.”

The pictures were arranged by date and Adam flipped through them; the oldest ones were from over a decade ago. “Hey, how come you’re not in any of these old ones?” Adam asked.

“I am in those pictures.”

“I don’t see you…”

“‘Cause I’m trans. That’s me right there, in the back row of that class picture. I’m wearing the blue dress.”

“Oh, okay. Aw, Jeez.”

“What?”

Adam gestured towards his bedside clock. “It’s 6:10.”

“So?”

“We were supposed to be downstairs at orientation at 6:00.”

“Crap!” Diego hurriedly put some shoes on and grabbed his keys. “Fill your water bottle and get moving!”

…

Their orientation leader was a sophomore named Ellie, and she informed Adam and Diego that they had joined the group near the end of an icebreaker exercise. They answered the icebreaker questions (names: Adam and Diego; majors: biology and literature; hometowns: Pittsburgh and Phoenix) and then listened as the last student gave her answers (Vivian Gallegos, biology, Las Cruces).

As Ellie was talking, he was struck by how much inviting the desert was at sunset. The evening temperature had dropped significantly from the triple-digit daytime high and the chirps of crickets and the calls of mourning doves filled the air. To the west, the setting sun filled the sky with brilliant streaks of orange.

“My God,” Adam gasped. “It’s beautiful.”

“Evening in the desert,” Diego said. “It’s what makes summer here tolerable.”

The first stop on the tour was the main library. Diego went down into the basement to check out the rare manuscripts, and Adam went into the east wing to find the biology reference texts. After walking through the shelves for a few minutes he ran into Vivian; it turned out that she was in all the same classes as Adam for the introductory bio courses. They had just agreed to sit together in the lectures when Vivian asked if they could hold up for a minute.

“Time for a water break,” she said, and ducked down a side hallway towards a water fountain.

“Good idea,” Adam said. “Even though it’s cooling off my mouth still feels like it’s filled with sand.”

“The air’s probably a lot dryer than you’re used to.”

They both drank greedily at the fountains. “I bet there’s a bathroom around here, too,” Adam said. “I wouldn’t mind making a stop.”

Vivian nodded. “I was too busy setting up my dorm room to go earlier.”

Sure enough, there were restrooms further down the hallway. Adam tried to turn the handle but it wouldn’t budge. “The women’s is locked too,” Vivian said. Sure enough, there were signs on both doors: Restrooms closed as part of the water conservation program. IYKYK.

Adam shrugged. “I guess I’ll wait. Come on, let’s go rejoin the tour group.”

…

Adam and Vivian caught up to Diego as the group headed towards the quad. “How were the manuscripts?” Adam asked.

“Oh, man, they’ve got some good stuff down there. Lots of old church documents in Latin dating back to the colonial era…”

“Is something wrong?”

“No, just… it’s weird. All the bathrooms down there were closed.”

“We noticed that too,” Vivian said. “Something about water conservation.”

“Well, anyway,” Diego said, “I kind of have to go to the bathroom. But it’s fine, I guess.”

Adam and Vivian nodded in agreement. They’d just have to wait as well, but it was no big deal. The library had been empty since the semester hadn’t started yet, but the quad was more lively, with returning students enjoying the cool evening with volleyball and pickup soccer. They all had large water bottles, and Adam figured that he’d better get in the habit of staying hydrated now that he was in the desert.

“Oh my God!” Heads turned; the hushed exclamation had come from somebody else in the tour group. Her pointed finger led to the edge of the quad, where four students lay on a blanket with cans of hard seltzer; the fifth member of their group was a few feet away, with his can sitting on the grass and a clear stream of urine striking the trunk of the tree next to him. All that the tour group could see was the undone fly of his shorts and the unbuckled belt hanging loosely, but other people walking by had a full frontal view. Nobody seemed to care.

“That’s something of a university custom,” Ellie explained to the shocked freshmen. “Most of our municipal water supply comes from the aquifer, and it’s being drained at an unsustainable rate. One of the ways that the university has cut down on our water use is by encouraging students to urinate wherever they want, as long as they don’t make a mess. You’re welcome to water the trees or the bushes, but if you prefer something a bit more organized then you’ll notice stone urinals all over campus. Those are designed to that if you pee against them, the liquid will drain into xeriscaped areas and support the health of sustainable plants indigenous to the Southwest. You’ll also come across large flowerpots inside the buildings; those are also there for your use, but they get crowded in between lectures.”

Nobody spoke. Most students’ attention was split between Ellie and the guy at the edge of the quad, who had finished relieving himself and had shaken himself off before re-fastening his shorts.

“My advice is not to be self-conscious, because everybody else is doing it,” Ellie said. “You’ll fit right in with the upperclassmen. Besides, it’s convenient not to have to keep running to a bathroom when you’re staying hydrated in the desert heat. Now, our next destination is the Mesa Vista dining hall, where we’ll get dinner…”

As the tour moved on, two girls broke off from the frisbee group and walked towards the bushes right next to the freshmen. One of them turned around, lowered her garments, bent over, and unleashed a healthy spray onto the bush, while the other raised her skirt and aimed her penis to send a stream over the bush and into the dirt beyond. She nodded hello to Diego, who stood a few feet away staring at her.

“I’m gonna do it,” he said suddenly, and started towards the bushes as well.

Adam looked on in disbelief. “Are you crazy?”

“Hey, she said that everybody does this,” Adam replied as he lowered his zipper. “I really have to go, so-”

“No, I mean that we need to keep up with the tour! Everybody else is heading for the dining hall; can’t you wait until we get there?”

Diego looked at the departing tour group and then zipped his pants back up. “Fine,” he said as Adam and Vivian gestured for him to hurry. “But it better not be too far.”

…

They caught up with the rest of the group outside the dining hall. There was a large urinal set against the wall a few meters from the entrance, out of the way of the stream of people coming and going. Two guys were using the urinal, casually talking to each other as their streams traced back and forth against the stone slab. One of them finished and he shook off while waiting for his friend; all the while, the freshmen watched and waited in a nervous crowd. Diego was near the back with his friends, and he could sense that the other students were starting to grow as impatient as him, but who would be the first brave person to approach the urinal?

Ellie broke away from the group and nonchalantly walked next to the still-pissing guy. She stepped onto a low concrete platform running parallel to the urinal; two narrow channels ran along the length of the platform, with one separating the platform from the wall and the other separating the platform from the sidewalk. The last guy had finished peeing, but his urine was still trickling along the channel closest to the wall, and based on the number of dark patches on the stone slab it looked like the desert plants at the channel’s exit had been well-watered through the evening. Ellie lowered her leggings and dropped into a low squat facing away from the wall as the guys left, and a moment later the far channel was also carrying liquid. She didn’t seem to mind that some of the pee had overshot and landed on the sidewalk.

Finally, one of the freshmen broke free from the crowd and dashed over to the urinal. With trembling legs, he fumbled undoing his zipper and then aimed his penis with one hand, leaning his head back and closing his eyes as a clear stream thundered against the wall. All at once, everybody else in the tour group started making for the urinal, eager to relieve their pent-up bladders. Diego jostled to get through the crowd and wound up taking the last spot, standing next to a girl who had adopted a high squat and was creating a rapidly-growing puddle between her feet. The only students who hadn’t got a spot were Vivian and Adam, who looked at Diego with fake hostility and real jealousy. “No fair taking the last spot,” Vivian said.

“You snooze, you lose,” Diego replied, and pulled down his pants. He positioned them at his knees and leaned back so that his butt touched the stone wall. He spread his legs as far apart as his waistband would allow and then let loose with a wide spray that struck the slab and rolled down its face before trickling into the river rolling down the channel. “If you don’t want to wait, just pee right in those bushes next to me. It all ends up there anyway.”

Vivian and Adam glanced at each other and shrugged. They walked over to the bushes and stood at an angle to the urinal so that they could take aim at the plants. Vivian wasted no time in lifting her skirt, pulling her panties aside and aiming her dick slightly upwards. Glancing over at her, Adam copied the angle, and they both unleashed at the same time, sending their streams over the low bushes next to the sidewalk and into more distant cactus patch.

“Bet I can piss further than you,” Vivian said.

“Oh, you’re on,” Adam replied. Out of the corner of his eye, he noticed that Diego had reached between his legs to spread his lips slightly; as a result, his stream was now falling straight down instead of spraying against the stone. His head rolled back and he closed his eyes as the tension left his body and a few droplets splashed at his ankles.

“Try to keep up!” Vivian shouted. She stood with her back slightly arched and hips stuck out, sending her stream a foot farther than Adam’s. Adam responded by stepping forward right to the edge of the bushes and balancing on the tips of his toes to get an extra few inches of height.

“You have to be almost done,” Adam said. “You’re pissing like a racehorse.”

“I’m not even close,” Vivian replied. “I can keep going as long as I want.”

Adam wasn’t as full, and soon he felt his pressure starting to drop. He whipped his dick around to try to fling a few droplets past the edge of Vivian’s puddle, but he had no luck as the last few spurts landed in the bush. “Take the L!” Vivian shouted at him as he zipped back up.

“I will not take the L!” Adam yelled. “I will not take any letter except V… for victory!”

“That’s not-”

“Shut up! I demand a rematch!”

“High noon tomorrow?”

“Oh, you’re going down,” Adam hissed, then turned back to Diego. “How’re you doing, man?”

“Just a minute…” Diego’s hand was still between his legs, and he was looking down at his crotch as his bladder finished emptying. The stream slowly became narrower and lost its forward momentum, and Diego spread his legs a bit further to keep them dry. “Whew…” he sighed. “Man, that was good. I always hate the last few drops, though.” Once he was sure he was done, he shook some stray drops of pee from his hand and then stepped forward from the wall and jiggled up and down a bit on his toes to dry off his more intimate regions. A few drops soaked into the fabric of his boxers when he pulled them back up, but he didn’t care. “I don’t want to hold you guys up while I drip dry,” he told Adam and Vivian.

“No problem,” Vivian replied. “You know, even with a dick it’s hard to get completely dry sometimes.”

“Yeah, sometimes even after I shake off I end up with some drops in my underwear,” Adam said.

Diego zipped up his shorts and hopped off the stone platform. “Whew, I’m thirsty. What do you say we head inside and get something to drink?”

“What?” Adam shouted. “You just pissed a fucking river and you’re thirsty?”

“Yeah, well, I’ve gotta replenish my fluids. C’mon, let’s go.”

I was worried that my description of the urinal was a little confusing, so I attempted to make a visual aid. I don't think it's quite good enough to be impressive in its own right, but given that I have basically no drawing skills I think it turned out all right. If any legitimate artists out there want to reimagine this scene, go right ahead. I might try adding color if I have the time.

Note that the people in the picture don't necessarily depict the characters from this story.

*005*2024-08-05 04:21

{{28 minutes ago, mews39 said:

Great story, I would love to go to a university like this where everyone regardless of gender can openly pee outside. And I'm glad my thread could inspire.

}}

It's always great to share ideas with other people who want to read and write stories that go beyond simple wetting. This is a really fun concept; I've already written a huge chunk of Chapter 2, which involves a mixed-gender encounter at a flowerpot/makeshift urinal and late night streaking.

And, just to be clear, this (and other things I write) will continue to be super queer.

