Beckys Walk Home - Caught in the Act!

Author: JMatthews1995

*000*2020-06-26 16:24

Becky had made a huge mistake. Having spent the whole afternoon drinking with her friends, she had forgotten the most important thing to do before leaving. Relieve her bladder! She had a 30 minute walk home ahead of her, and the fresh air had hit her like a brick wall. Suddenly she was sober, and suddenly she felt her desperation.

"Why didn't I pee before leaving?!" She thought to herself. "I should have gone, I should have gone!"

Hurrying along the high street, she was finding it hard to hide her desperation from the crowds people. She had so far left to walk and, she was beginning to stress about whether she would make it. She knew full well that all she had to do was keep her delicate pussy clamped shut for just 30 minutes. A task easier said than done!

"Maybe I can get away with a quick squat? Perhaps I can find somewhere quiet?" Thoughts were flooding through her mind. "There are so many people here! People will see me pee!"

Her tight leggings squeezed her bladder bulge firmly. Each step was another jolt to her already aching bladder. You could tell she was focusing on moving smoothly, she could have balanced a book on her head.

"Just 25 more minutes! Surely I can make that?! I'm a 20 year old girl! I should be able to control my own bladder!"

Becky picked up the pace. Each step began to shake her bladder more, and her pee hole muscles quivered with desperation.

"Just hold it Becky! Just hold it! What are you? 5?!" She muttered as she scurried along. "TOILETS!" Her eyes lit up as she remembered the council had opened new ones near the high street.

Her pace picked up further. Her little feet carrying her as fast as possible without running. Her excitement grew as she neared the entrance to the car park.

"Please be open! Please be open!" She exclaimed as she hurried up to the door.

"TOILETS CLOSED FOR MAINTENANCE" read the sign.

"SHIT SHIT SHIT!!" Muttered Becky as she felt her bladder spasm and her pee muscles contract tightly to try and keep control. "WHY NOW?! WHY NOW?!"

Becky knew she was in trouble. 20 minutes from home, with a quivering pussy like this. She had never been so desperate in her life.

"Cars!! Lots of cars!" She muttered, hurrying through the car park. She dived between two parked vans. Becky had made a decision she never thought she would have to make. She was going to piss in public! How embarrassing! She fumbled around, lifted her skirt up out of the way, and managed to get her leggings and panties down far enough. Half a second later the piss erupted from her quivering pee hole.

BANG! A car door nearby!

"SHIT! SHIT SHIT SHIT!" Becky panicked. She clamped her pee hole tight and yanked her leggings back up. The wetness spread between her pussy lips as panties pulled firmly against them. Every passing second required her entire focus not to wet her self. She grabbed her self tightly under her skirt and helped her pussy maintain control. Her eyes skimming around to try and understand where the noise was coming from.

She composed her self slowly, pulling her damp wedgie back out from between her legs having pulled them up so quickly. She couldn't tell where the sound had come from, so she decided to walk casually away. Her damp pussy tingling between her legs. The next minute or two of walking was agony. Teasing her pussy with relief like that was a poor move and her damp panties clinging to her quivering pussy were proving to be a serious distraction.

5 minutes of walking was agony. Her bladder was begging for relief and her pussy was struggling to contain the pent up damn of pee that was aching firmly in her lower stomach. Suddenly her eyes caught sight of a much needed chance of relief.

"Oh how cliche!" She thought to her self as she slowly crept into the dark alley way she had spotted.

For a second time, Becky fumbled with her skirt, leggings and damp panties. Again, she dropped into a squat position, and with no provoking her pussy began spraying piss onto the concrete floor between her feet. Just as the wave of relief began to spread across her, she heard a voice.

"HEY! What are you doing?!"

"No way! Not again?!" Was all that popped into Becky's head. "Please no!"

"Oi! Get out of here!"

Once again Becky demanded that her her pee hole began to hold again. Her pussy muscles responded as fast as they could, but in their worn out state didn't react fast enough. The flow slowly subsided, well after she had pulled her panties back up over her pussy. The hot piss spread fast in the fabric and between her quivering lips.

"SHIT!" she exclaimed, as she hurried away from the alley way, still struggling to control her flow, and struggling even more to get her self fully dressed again!

Once again, Becky was demanding too much of her poor worn out bladder muscles. She knew she was on borrowed time, and with the distraction of soaked panties clinging between her legs, she had no idea just how long she could hold out. Each attempt at relief just seemed to delay her arrival home, and each attempt seemed to end up getting her wetter.

She passed through the entrance to the park, there were plenty of places she could sneak off and hide, but was it worth the risk? Would she just end up having to beg her pee muscles to regain control for a 3rd time? It was a risk she was willing to take at this point, any composure she had at the start of her walk was all but lost by this point. She casually walked straight off the path and into the bushes. She lifted her skirt yet again. This time she was greeted by a large wet patch on her leggings. She was lucky to be wearing a leather skirt that was for sure.

For the 3rd time, she slid her panties and leggings down. Surely this would be the chance of relief she had been waiting for? Keeping her eyes wide open and scanning around, she lowered her self into a squat position, and released for what she hoped would be the final time.

"Damn it Rob!" She heard a kid yell in the distance. A Frisbee slammed into the bush right next to her.

"SERIOUSLY!! SERIOUSLY ROB!!" This time she didn't mutter, she basically shouted it.

Once again Becky demanded her pee muscles clamp shut. This time, however, they refused. In the rush to compose her self before the impending arrival of a kid, she had pulled her panties and leggings up prematurely. Standing fully upright, pee flooding down her legs, Becky began to panic. She quickly grabbed the Frisbee and threw it away from her. She scrambled through the bushes away from where it had landed and hurried deeper into the forest, pee still flowing from her quivering pussy and quickly soaking her leggings and Converse.

"Ohhhh shit!!!" she muttered as she hid her self in the dense undergrowth, waiting for the kid to hurry away and continue playing. As the flow subsided, she inspected the damage. Her converse were totally soaked, her leggings very obviously drenched, but her skirt had not a single sign of wetness. She formulated a plan and began to compose her self, ready to finish her walk home, hopefully while not being noticed.

She stood up slowly, watching for people nearby. Slowly she slid her bare foot from her converse, pee dripping off her dainty toes. Very carefully she pulled her leggings down and off that one leg, doing her best to balance on one foot. With careful movements, she managed to bend over and tip the remaining pee from her shoe, before sliding her wet foot back in. She repeated the same process with her other leg and threw her leggings over a nearby tree branch. She always loved these leggings, but unfortunately, she couldn't be caught carrying them home. She didn't take long to decide that she would be keeping her wet panties on. At the end of the day she was still annoyed with her pussies lack of co-operation, and staying in pissy panties would be a suitable punishment she thought.

Having just wet her self in public, Becky continued home. Her dainty feet in sopping wet converse, and her now much more relaxed pussy rubbing nicely against soaked, pissy panties.

