Jess' Endlessly Leaks!

Author: JMatthews1995

*000*2019-05-26 18:45

Soph had thought up a seriously naughty idea and couldn't wait to tell Jess.

"Sweetie, are you awake??"

"Mhmm, just about" muttered Jess, her cute face stuffed into the huge pillow. She rolled over to face Soph. Soph quickly leaned in and gave her a quick kiss on her forhead and smiled.

"Time for your punishment!!" She smiled down at Jess

"Damn! Forgot about that!" She muttered, still half asleep.

"Right the rules are simple! You leak a spurt of pee whenever I command."

"Wait, is that it?"

"Yup! Simple as that. Lets get showered and get started!"

The girls hurried through their showers. Jess thought carefully about what she was going to pick to wear as she showered and dried. She went into the wardrobe and grabbed a pair of lacey panties, and an extremely bright, patterned pair of leggings. They were black, but they were covered brightly coloured leaves, flowers, and generally artistic shapes. She then grabbed a pair of sketchers trainers that she knew would tease Soph if she wore on her delicate bare feet.

"People are going to be staring at you wearing those Jess! Are you sure they are a good idea?!" Soph murmured as she watched mesmorized as Jess pulled the leggings up tightly over her lacey panties and around her cute butt.

"Ahhh! Now you see, everyone will be looking at the amazing patern and all the funky colours Soph! The black bit in between my legs will hide any wetness and the pattern will keep peoples attention away from my pussy!" Jess was smiling as if she had done this before.

"Go on then! Leak!" Demanded Soph.

"What?! Now?!"

"Yup! Go on, hurry up!"

Jess focused on her pee hole muscles and released for a second. The hot pee spurted out and hit the fabric that was pulled up tight against her pussy lips. She felt the pee spread quickly between her freshly washed little pussy lips and knew full well that her delicate private area would be a pissy little mess by the end of the day! Just how she liked it!

"You're right! I can barely see it!" Giggled Soph. "Looks like I will be able to be braver than I thought with my demands!"

Jess blushed. Already she could feel her self getting turned on by this challenge. She quickly grabbed her sneakers and gently slid her gorgeous little feet into them, maintaining eye contact with Soph as she did so.

"Bet you can't wait to get at these little cuties tonight can you Soph?"

"I never can sweetie!" she said, blushing in front of Jess.

As soon as Soph had got her self dressed she announced that the first thing they would be doing together would be some chores around the house!

Soph was in charge of mopping, Jess was in charge of polishing and tidying.

She watched with excitement as Jess stretched, leaned, bent over and moved things in her ultra tight leggings and every opportunity she could she demanded Jess to soak her dainty pussy with yet another leak!

Jess reached up on her tip toes to dust the top of the door frame. Soph watched as she stretched up as high as possible.

"Leak!" Shouted Soph. Instantly Jess' pee hole did as commanded and a hot jet of pee sprayed into her tight panties, splashing through the fabric and dripping onto the tops of her sneakers and the laminate floor between her feet.

"This is the best challenge you've ever come up with Soph!" Jess teased. "My poor pussy is going to be such a pissy little mess all day!"

"Leak!"

Again Jess blasted a hot jet of pee into her panties and leggings. Her pussy quivered with excitement!

The cleaning passed quickly. Jess had been comanded to leak at least 8 times by Soph and by now there was a little damp patch clinging tightly between her legs. There were also various little puddles around the house that Soph then had to mop up!

"What are we doing next Soph?" Asked an anxious Jess. Blushing with the exictement. It was obvious that her little pussy was starting to tingle with pleasure as her face had gone a light shade of red. Soph loved it when Jess looked like this as it meant that she would be ravenous in the bedroom later!

"We are going to go shopping! We need some food and I want to take you out into public!"

"Soph! People will definitely see! I can't leak in a shop!"

"Oh well in that case then you will be punished! No orgasms for 2 weeks!"

"Fine! I will try, but I can't go much!"

"Just a couple of nice little spurts will be fine Jess" Giggled Soph.

They girls clambered into Jess' car. She was sat comfortably on a nice folded thick towel. The wet patch was hardly visible even when being looked at from close up. She felt safe to be walking around the shop, but physically peeing her self, that was another ball game all together!

Walking into the shop the girls grabbed a basket and headed up the vegetable isle. It was quiet and no one was around. Jess was seriously nervous and she knew full well what was coming any time soon.

"Leak hun!" whispered Soph.

"What now?!"

"Yup! Leak!"

Jess glanced around quickly. She pulled her leggings up as tight as she could and spread her legs a little bit. She relaxed slowly and as soon as she felt her pussy lips tingle with the hot pee she slammed her pee hole shut. A tiny little dribble escaped perfectly through the tight fabric and dripped onto the floor between her feet.

"Good girl!" whispered Soph in her ear.

It was in the next isle that things got a little more difficult. There were quite a few people about and Jess was seriously nervous. She had never leaked or peed this close to people before! Suddenly she heard the dreaded word.

"Leak!"

Again her pee muscles relaxed. This time she spent no time spreading her legs as people would have seen. The hot pee errupted from her little pee hole and spread through the fabric of her panties and between her wet pussy lips. She instantly managed to stop the flow allowing only the tiniest of drops to dampen her little pussy again.

"Ooooh Jess! You're so daring!"

"I am! But I can't keep doing much more! People will notice!"

"Okay hun! Just one more." Whispered Soph with the cutest smile on her face.

Soph waited until the girls were at the check out. Jess reached into her purse to pull out her card.

"I think there was a LEAK in one of the fridge areas on isle 2" Soph said to the lady on the check out.

Jess panicked. Her pussy tingled and her pee hole did as commanded once more. A hot jet once again sprayed into the fabric of her panties and leggings. This time a little trickle escaped through the leggings and splashed onto her shoes directly below. She quickly paid, and the girls hurried out the store. Jess' pussy lips being rubbed and massaged by the hot pissy fabric of her panties!

"Let's go for some lunch Jess!" Said Soph as soon as they had left the shop.

"That was so scary!" Blurted Jess. "People might have seen!"

"Who cares! It's only a little pee stain!" Giggled Soph as she pulled Jess towards her favorite pub.

The girls settled onto a nice bench out in the garden. They had both ordered some drinks and food. Soph caught Jess was inspecting how obvious the wet patch was between her legs.

"You can't see it at all Jess! Honest!" Soph muttered.

"I think I can. Look it looks darker than the rest of the fabric!" She said, pulling the front of her leggings up tight between her legs.

"Don't worry about it Jess!"

The drinks arrived quickly. Carried by one of Jess' friends who worked at the pub.

"Here you go ladies." She said as she placed the drinks onto the table. "Oh by the way, There is a leak in the ladies toilets, if you gotta pee use the disabled ones. Hopefully we'll have the leak fixed soon."

Jess glanced at Soph.

"You didn't tell her did you!!"

"Course not! Now you heard her! Tinkle baby!"

Jess let a huge spurt out. The fabric instantly warmed up and clung even closer to her puffy lips.

"And another! She said it twice!"

Another big spurt sprayed from Jess' throbbing pussy. It splashed through the fabric and down onto the patio floor below.

"People might see the puddle!"

"Don't worry. It'll dry soon enough."

They settled and began eating once the food had arrived. Jess crossed her legs and felt her pee soaked pussy lips get squeeze between her thighs. She wiggled her foot which gently rocked her thigh and massaged her pissy clit between her throbbing flaps.

"I'm SERIOUSLY turned on right now Soph! She whispered. "You better be ready to eat me when we get home! I am gonna come so hard!"

Soph felt her pussy throb with excitement. She didn't care how stinky and pissy Jess' pussy got, she just loved eating it!

"We have so much left to do though before you get to that Jess. She can wait!"

"Fine! But rememeber, every leak you make me do makes my pussy a pissier little mess."

"I know! Don't you worry about that Jessie! Oh... By the way! Leak!"

Jess instantly released yet another huge spurt into her panties. Her pussy quivered with excitement and she re-crossed her legs tight, squeezing her throbbing clit tight between her pissy lips. This was around her 15th leak of the day and by now she was sure that her poor little pussy would be really rather scented. What a naughty girly she was being!

The girls finished their meals. Soph looked at Jess.

"You ready to go hun?" She said. Jess looked down between her legs and nodded.

"Yup. I'm dry enough!" She smiled.

They left the pub. Where Jess had been sat there was a little dark patch on the wooden bench. Who would know it was caused by a pissy little pussy!

On the way back Soph guided Jess to the nearby park. She had bought their favorite books and wanted to just sit in the sun and relax reading for a bit. They arrived and Soph unfolded the picnic blanket and settled her self onto it. She kicked her converse off and wiggled her delicate little toes as the cool breeze drifted over them.

"Feels so good to get those off! They were so hot!" She said as she smiled at Jess. "Why don't you get your cute little feet out sweety?"

Jess kicked her shoes off and revealed her two beautiful little bare feet.

"I love your little feets Jess! Always so dainty and cute! I wanna kiss them!" She muttered as her face reddened.

"You can later!" Replied Jess, wiggling her gorgeous little toes in front of Soph.

"I think you should leak hun. I don't want that little pussy getting too dry!"

For the 16th time in the day Jess blasted another hot jet of pee into her panties and then lay down on the blanked next to Soph with her legs crossed tightly.

"Honestly Soph. I am the horniest I have ever been right now!" She said as she slid her hand down between her crossed legs and gave her pussy a gently squeeze. She removed her hand and brought it up to her face. "Oh, and I smell amazing too!"

Soph blushed, hid behind her book, and began reading. A muffled word came from behind the pages.

"Leak"

Jess did as demanded and felt the little spurt trickle down between her clamped together pussy lips and under her bum. What a naughty feeling it was!

Over the next hour Soph continued to demand leaks from Jess. By the time they were ready to leave an hour and a half later Jess had leaked another 6 times! Her pussy was a sopping mess and she was tingling with pure pleasure constantly by now! Her clit begging to be massaged and teased. 22 leaks over a 6 hours all wet and pissy was really making her want to play!

When it was time to leave Jess stood up off the blanket and looked down. There was a perfect bum shaped damp patch on the material.

"You dirty girly!!" whispered Soph with excitement. "You've peed all over the blanket!"

Jess blushed and quickly looked between her legs to check for a wet patch. It was hardly visible. The same couldn't be said for her bum.

"Look at you little wet butt Jess!" Soph giggled. "We better let that dry a bit before we leave!"

Jess quickly sat back down on a dry section of the blanket. She slid her delicate bare feet back into her sneakers and watched as Soph did the same.

"Give it 10 minutes and I think you'll be dry enough hun." Whispered Soph. She reached over and grabbed the front of Jess' leggings and yanked them up hard between her legs watching as a damp little camle toe formed between her girlfriends legs. "I bet she stinks Jess!"

"Course she does! She's been pee soaked for like 7 hours Soph! You better lick her clean when we get home!"

"Not when we get home! Just before bed.... If you're lucky!"

"What do you mean, if I'm lucky?!"

"I might make you sleep with a dirty little pussy yet. I don't know!"

"You'll regret it if you do Soph!" Muttered Jess under here breath.

The 10 minutes passed and Jess' leggings had dried to an acceptable dampness. The girls packed up and began the walk back to their house. Jess was getting more and more horny by the second as the wet panties and leggings clung to her quivering little pussy.

"Calm down cutie! You'll get your pleasure later!" She whispered cutely to her pussy as she walked. Soph heard and giggled. She loved it when Jess sounded as though she was teasing her little pussy.

When they arrived home Jess quickly hurried into the bedroom and dived onto the bed. Her pussy was throbbing with pleasure and she wanted to come! Badly! Soph hurried in after her and found her lay on the bed with a hand down the front of her tight leggings.

"Oi! Stop it!! That's my job! I decide when you get to come!" Jess quickly slid her hand out from between her legs she thought she knew what was coming next but Soph decided something different.

"You will be punished for that Jess. Take your shoes off!" Jess did as she was ordered and slid her delicate little feet out of her sneakers. "Okay, now squat on the floor" again she followed Sophs commands. Soph grabbed both of Jess' sneakers she slid one between Jess' legs. "Now leak for 3 seconds!"

"Serious! Soph I don't deserve to be punished!"

"Leak or you will be punished even more!" Jess released her delicate pissy pee hole and felt the hot pee spray into her panties. A trickle poured out through the fabric and Soph held Jess' shoe under the trickle.

"Now the other one. Leak again Jess" Once again she did as commanded. "Now, put your shoes back on you dirty girly!"

Jess slid her beautiful little feet back into her wet sneakers. Her toes hit the warmth first and she quivered. How was this feeling good?! She thought to her self as she slid her foot full into the sneaker. She did the same with the other and then looked at Soph.

"Now! If I catch you touching that pissy little pussy of yours again there will be an even greater punishment. Now come and help me make tea!"

Jess followed Soph into the kitchen, her toes squishing around in her soft wet sneakers and her pussy lips massaging her pee soaked little clit between her legs. She was trying so hard not to touch her self but being this horny was making it very difficult!

During the cooking of the tea Soph kept commanding Jess to leak. Every little dribble tickled her quivering pussy even more and by the time the tea was cooked there was plenty of little tiny pee puddles all over the kitchen tiles. The girls both settled opposite each other at the table and began eating.

"So, how's your little pussy doing Jess?" Teased Soph.

"She needs to come! BADLY!"

"Aww I bet she does! I bet your cute little clitty is throbbing like crazy!" Continued Soph.

"Mhmmm" Mubbled Jess with a mouth full of food.

It was then that she felt something between her legs!! Soph had slid her gorgeous little foot out of her sneakers and had slipped it up between Jess' legs. She gently pressed her toes onto the front of Jess' pee soaked pussy and started moving her foot around in a circular motion.

"Sophhh!!! Stop!!! I'll squirt in my panties!!" Quivered Jess as she felt Sophs delicate toes tickling her pee soaked little clitty.

"Mmmmm you feel so warm and nice Jessie. My little toes are getting all pissy!" Soph changed foot and got her other soft little toes all pissy as well. She could see Jess going cross eyed and knew she could quite easily make her squirt on her feet if she wanted too.

"Please stop Soph! I know you will want to punish me if I come too soon!" Soph couldn't argue. She wanted to tease Jess to orgasm so she could punish her. She slid her foot from between her legs and put both her pissy little feet back into her converse.

"Thank you!" Mumbled Jess, her pussy throbbing excitedly between her legs.

"Leak sweety!" Jess did as ordered and sprayed a hot jet into her leggings. She must have been up to around 30 leaks by this point! What a dirty girly she was being!

Once the girls had finished tea Soph began washing up. Jess sat and played on her phone with her pussy quivering between her legs. She placed her hand on the outside of her leggings and began softly rubbing her self. Soph walked back into the dining room and caught her in the act yet again!

"JESS!" She shouted "What did I tell you?!"

"I wasn't trying to orgasm Soph! I... I was just feeling how wet I was!"

"Yeah, sure you were! Get your shoes off!"

Jess did as she was told. Soph was clearly not happy with her being an naughty girl and she did deserve to be punished!She slid her delicate damp little feet out of her sneakers and got into a squat position, ready to be made to pee in her shoes again.

"Stand up!" Ordered Soph.

"What? Why?"

"Do it!" Jess quickly stood up and watched as Soph grabbed both her sneakers.

"What are you doing?" mumbled Jess.

"Watch!" Soph squat her self down, shifted her skirt out the way and held one of Jess' sneakers up between her legs. Without even pulling her panties to the side she released a hot torrent of pee straight through them and into Jess' shoes. She stared straight into Jess' eyes as she peed for 3 seconds and then clamped off the flow and switched to the other shoe. Again a torrent of pee dribbled through her panties. Jess felt her pussy spasm between her legs. Her clit was so swolen and tingly right now and she wanted to come so so badly. Even more so now that Soph was a little pissy mess as well!

"Now, put them back on! We are going for a walk!" Ordered Soph.

Jess did as she was told. She slid her delicate little feet into the pee soaked sneakers and felt the hot pee endulge her beautiful soles. Her pussy throbbed again and she went to touch it before realising what that would mean and stopping her self.

Soph grabbed Jess' arm and dragged her straight out the house.

"Where are we going Soph?"

"Oh just for a nice walk around the park. We'll only be an hour."

A whole hour with hot wet little feet and her pussy being rubbed against her pee soaked panties sounded like pure heaven to Jess. She was very excited.

The walk started quietly. There was no one around, Soph wasn't demanding leaks. It was just a nice relaxing walk, with wet little tootsies in her comfy sneakers and her tingly little pussy damp with pee. Perfect she thought to her self. As soon as someone was coming towards them though she heard Soph speak up.

"Leak baby!" Jess obayed and sprayed yet another hot jet of pee into her panties. She once again felt the pee spread out between her slippy, pissy little lips and it bathed her delicate clit in the hot fluid. She walked gingerly past the other person, her pussy being massaged between her firm thighs.

"Good girly Jess! giggled Soph. "I bet your dirty little pussy loved that!"

The girls walked until almost sun down. Each little leak teasing Jess more and more.

"Do you know how many times your dirty little pussy has leaked on it's self today Jess?" Quized Soph.

"No idea? Have you been counting?" She said excitedly.

"Yup! 49 times! 49!! You have soaked that dirty little girly of yours 49 times Jess! And the 50th is going to be a big one!"

Jess looked worried. What did Soph mean by "A big one?"

"Stand there Jess. Legs together." Jess stood in front of Soph. She looked very nervous. "Now. Empty your whole bladder!"

"Are you serious?! People might see!!" Mubbled Jess quietly.

"Yup! Do it and you will be rewarded!"

Jess was looking forward to her reward. She checked no one was around, decided it was dark enough, and released her pee hole muscles. The pee flooded down the insides of her legs like a waterfall. An endless flood of pure relief. She soaked her sneakers and bathed her beautiful little feet in the torrent, finally finishing after near enough 50 seconds. Soph had watched excitedly throughout the entire time. She was loving making Jess do as she ordered.

"How did that feel?"

"Heavenly!" Replied Jess, her heart racing with excitement and her pussy throbbing with pleasure. "Now I really have to come Soph!!"

"Not till later!" Bossed Soph. "Now, sit on that bench!"

Jess sat her self on the bench. Soph looked at her and then climbed onto her lap. She was facing towards Jess at this point and had her legs wrapped around either side of Jess' waist. Soph pussy was directly above Jess' and was pressed firmly against Jess' lower tummy. Jess could feel the damp cold fabric of Sophs panties pressed against her tummy and instantly her pussy throbbed even harder with excitement.

Soph leaned forward and began passionately kissing Jess' tender lips. She pulled her self as close as physically possible to her and kissed, teased and touched her all over. Suddently Jess felt it! A hot fluid, pouring down between her legs! Soaking her inner thighs and pussy! Soph was peeing her self all over Jess!

"This feels SOOOOOOOOO good Jess" Whispered Soph as her pee flooded down into Jess panties and between her little pussy lips. "I had to pee soooo bad!" teased Soph.

"I'm gonna come Soph! I have to my pussy is a quivering little mess!!" whispered Jess, hardly able to breath due to the waves of pleasure.

"Not yet baby!!"

The last few trickles escaped from Sophs pissy little pussy and she stood up. She looked at Jess and in the dimming light she was convinced that no one would be able to tell she was wet even if they tried to.

"Come on you dirty girly! Lets get you home!" She tugged at Jess' arm and pulled her up of the bench.

"I'm totally drenched Soph!" Muttered Jess as she started walking. "You can hear the pee in my shoes!" She stomped along making a loud sloshing noise with each step.

"It's only 20 minutes home, no one will notice hun."

Hurrying back made Jess extra horny. Her panties, now soaked with Sophs hot pee with rubbing her like crazy between her legs, her feet were splashing around in her super comfy sneakers and her clit was getting massaged by the throbbing pee soaked pussy lips with every step she took. Walking became harder and harder as a wave of pleasure grew between her legs!

"Soph! I'm gonna come!!!" She blurted.

"You better not Jess!" Soph turned and quickly grabbed Jess' arm. "Don't you dare come without me!"

"I'm so close!! We have to stop for a second!" Soph did as Jess asked. She couldn't begin to imagine how good Jess must be feeling having spent an entire day re-wetting her pantes and then being soaked by her girlfriend.

"Okay baby. Lets just stand here and calm our selves down a little shall we?"

"Mhmmm" murmured Jess. Focusing on not squirting in her tight little panties.

A few minutes passed and Jess slowly relaxed. It was very hard for her to focus on anything other than how bad she wanted to orgasm but somehow she managed it. She smiled at Soph and nodded that she was okay to continue. Once again every step she took was yet more teasing of her cute little pussy. Her panties were still clinging just as tightly and her gorgeous little feet were still just as soaked as before.

"Just 2 more minutes Jess and I will make you explode with pleasure!" Whispered Soph.

"Mhmhmhhhmhm!" Jess stuggled to speak anything useful.

As soon as they were at the door Soph hurridly opened it. She shoved Jess into the house first following right behind. As soon as Jess was in she grabbed Soph and dragged her up into the bedroom. She shoved Soph onto the bed and pulled her panties down.

"What are you doing Jess?!" shouted Soph. "Your poor pussy! She needs to come!"

"Yours first you dirty girly!" She muttered as she lifted up Sophs skirt and disappeared underneath. Soph had never felt anything like it. Jess' tongue was working magic on her throbbing pee soaked little pussy and she couldn't control her waves of pleasure. Soph's back arched as Jess upped the pace with her tongue. Wave after wave of pleasure overcame Soph and suddenly one took control. There was nothing she could do, her pussy pulsated and let out a huge squirt all over Jess. Her orgasmic moans filled the room and Jess just carried on licking as if nothing had happened.

"Jess!! Jess!! I've already come!"

Jess ignored Sophs pleas and continued ravenously eating her pissy pussy. Another huge wave overcame Soph and without any warning another huge jet released from between her legs. She felt her legs go totally numb with pleasure and she could hardly move! She was paralysed with release.

Panting loudly Soph whispered to Jess.

"That... was..... amazing!!" She attempted to stand but her legs were like Jelly. "I... I can hardly stand up!"

Jess smiled looking proud of her work. She looked up at Sophs beautiful face and then stood up.

"Do you want to go to bed hun? I bet you're worn out after that!"

"But Jess! I have to lick you clean!"

"Oh that can wait hun! I've had my fun now! Making you come that hard is enough for me."

"Noooo I must Jess! Your poor little pussy deserves a release as good as mine had!"

Jess hurried off into the bathroom and came back with a freshly washed face. She sat her self on the bed next to Soph wearing just her stinky panties.

"Soph, you don't have to at all. She's such a pissy little mess and I don't want to make you do anything you don't want to."

Jess looked down between her legs and pulled her panties to the side. Her pussy was a hot pink colour and was throbbing like crazy.

"Ohhhh look at her!!! She's so cute!! Who'd think that a pussy that beautiful would spend 11 hours all pissy and dirty!"

"She's wet with your pee Soph! She's tingling like crazy!"

"I have to eat her Jess! I just have to!"

"Okay then hun. If you insist."

Jess slid her self to the edge of the bed and sat with her legs together. Her gorgeous little feet still glistening with pee. Soph grabbed either side of Jess' panties and gently pulled them down from between her legs. The scent of Jess' pissy pussy was rather strong but Soph had gotten used to it and was not phased at all. She then slid her own panties down and stared at Jess as she slid Jess' pee soaked panties up between her legs and over her delicate pussy.

"Mmmmmm they feel so good Jess." She said as she massaged the wet panties against her throbbing lips.

Jess smiled and touched her delicate pussy and invited Soph to begin. Soph quickly grabbed a chair and settled her self onto it, legs spread wide. She grabbed Jess' pee soaked little feet and placed them between her legs on the chair and then slid forward to her pussy was sat pressed against the tops of Jess' feet. She pushed her knees apart and spread her stinky pee soaked pussy wide before leaning in and begining to eat.

It took a matter of seconds for Jess to be writhing around in waves of pleasure. Soph was rocking her hips backward and forward massaging her own pee soaked pussy against Jess' wet little feet and was starting to get overcome with pleasure her self. She kissed, licked and tickled every last bit of Jess' pee soaked pussy.

"Ooooh I see your little pee hole!!" She giggled "She's such a pissy little cutie!" She giggled before aiming her tongue directly at it. "Yummy! I love licking a smelly little pee hole Jessie!"

Jess couldn't control her pleasure for much longer. Her legs shook with pleasure as a wave overcame her. Instantly a blast of her warm squirt sprayed all over Soph and almost as fast as she had squirted Soph's pussy lost control and squirted for a 3rd time! This time all over Jess' pee soaked little feet.

"OMG Soph you dirty girl!!" muttered a panting Jess. "Lick my soaked little feet clean!" she demanded.

Soph lifted each of Jess' feet up in front of her face one at a time and licked every last mm of her soft beautiful soles and toes. Then as soon as she had finished she dived straight back in between Jess' legs. Her pussy still needed a lot of licking clean!

