A Band of Archers

Author: JackFrost16

*000*2022-02-02 23:22

Lilith sat on the crest of the hill, stringing her beloved longbow, eyes on the horizon. All around her the hustle and bustle of the King's army raged, even more intense due to the proximity of the coming battle. Around her sat her friends and comrades assembled in their band in preparation for the battle to come. The women around Lilith were ones she respected and looked up to, a difficult feat for her. They had taken her in and helped her when she was just a recruit, and now her heart swelled with pride that she would finally be able to fight alongside them.

Even though the women around her were all at least four or five years older than her, her determination and incredible skill with the bow had allowed her to quickly advance in the ranks of archers. She looked around her at the faces of her band. Aliyah's tall frame stood out amongst the others, towering a head over the others at least. Immediately to Lilith's right was one of her closest friends, Robin. The two girls were the closest in age in the band, as Robin was just two classes above Lilith. Robin had been in her first year out of the Academy when she was recruited to the band, just like Lilith. The two shared their dirty blonde locks and fierce willpower as well as skill with the bow.

"Ok everyone. Runners just came back. The enemy is about an hour away. Get into your positions and center yourselves.". The booming voice belonged to Katelyn, Lilith's band leader. At her report, the faces of Lilith's band hardened, mouths that had just been smiling hardened into grim lines. They had all seen battle before and knew of the horrors it could bring. Not Lilith though. This was to be her first major battle in the King's employ. She had been on raids and training exercises before of course, but never had she been forced to face the full onslaught of war.

She felt a shiver of fear run down her spine as the band moved out, headed for a low bluff on the side of the field that would serve as the main sight of the battle. The hill had been scouted earlier as a good spot to protect the valuable archers, while also allowing them good sight lines onto the battlefield. Lilith's band set up camp on the hill, setting up water jugs, small covers, and a privy tent. Lilith had been told that battles could rage on for hours or even days, and knew that the privy would be necessary in the upcoming fray. Still, it felt a little silly to her to set up a toilet while prepping for battle.

After camp had been set up, Katelyn's voice sounded once again.

"Line up! The Dark Lord's army will be here momentarily! Take this time to compose yourself, double check equipment, and relieve yourself if necessary! Good luck and may the winds of fortune smile on you!" This last line, a traditional seafarers farewell from the Southern Reaches, Katelyn's homeland, was met with a cheer from the surrounding women. As soon as the cheer ended though, a lou, low war horn bellowed from the other side of the plain. The women quickly scrambled into orderly firing lines, facing the hordes of soldiers in black armor that would soon approach. The bugle sounded again, followed by a muffled roar. The massive, shifting sea of black clad bodies rushed forward led by men on horses. The battle had begun.

Robin and Aliyah lined up next to Lilith behind a small stone wall erected for cover. The girls shared encouraging smiles, reassuring themselves before the battle. The archers were in the safest position possible, far removed from the front lines. They would be completely safe. At least that was what Lilith told herself. She crouched on the grass, feeling a few blades poke through her thin silk leggings, worn for flexibility and movement, not protection. She breathed a deep breath, stilling her racing heart. She was calm. She was ready.

As ready as Lilith thought she was, nothing could have prepared her for the chaos of battle. As the King's troops roared and answered the armies of the Dark Lord, they advanced at full pace. The ground trembled under the feet of thousands of men and horses. Lilith gulped nervously. She felt a small stream of pee run down the leg of her tan leggings. A blush rose in her face. Robin, noticing this, leaned over to whisper in her ear.

"Pee yourself a little?" she said with a smirk. The blush rose farther in Lilith's cheeks. Robin giggled. "Don't worry about it. It happens to everyone the first time. Hell, I heard Aliyah over there completely pissed herself before the armies even crossed swords." Lilith giggled and looked over at Aliyah. The girl was fidgeting nervously, a hand in her crotch.

"See?" said Robin. She might even do it again". That forced a laugh out of Lilith. Aliyah looked over in confusion, but after a few seconds and a couple questioning glances she turned away. The lightened mood helped Lilith overcome her jitters and focus on the battle. She concentrated and did what she knew best. Shot some arrows.

Hours dragged by. Lilith had emptied and refilled her quiver more times than she could count, and still the battle ravaged on. She could feel sweat dripping from her forehead. She wiped it away. Took aim. Fired. A man in black armor on the fields fell to the ground, a green shafted arrow sticking out of his neck. Lilith was functioning on pure instinct. Notch arrow. Pull back. Aim. Shoot. Do it again. She paid heed to the uncomfortable soreness in her legs, the dryness in her throat, the aching in her muscles. She worked like clockwork, dropping the Dark One's troops with every shot.

Slowly, thanks to the prowess of the King's archers, the tide of the battle was turning against the Dark Lord. The King's forces dressed in bright green were swarming around the mass of black armor, flanking from either side. Lilith allowed herself a small moment of rest. She sat back on her haunches, looking with pride at the masses of Dark Minions lying with arrows in their corpses. The rest of the women in her band were doing the same. They were sitting up, examining their work, confident the fight was won and their services were no longer needed. As Lilith arose, she felt a heavy weight in her abdomen. She smiled to herself as she moved to the privy tent, thinking it wasn't so silly after all.

That's when it all went wrong. A roar sounded from behind the archers, away from their army, from the forest that ringed the battlefield. The archers turned and stood, puzzled. Lilith stopped in her walk to the privy, knowing this might be much more important than a bathroom break. Suddenly, a wave of black poured from the trees behind the archer's camp. The battle cries of the Dark Minions sounded in Lilith's ears. She stood in shock, confusion and terror running through her. They had been too lenient. They had been clumsy basking in their presumed glory, leaving themselves open for counter attack.

These thoughts mixed in Lilith's head as the servants of the Dark Lords came roaring into their camp. Lilith saw from the corner of her eye some of her friends and fellow archers go for bows or knives or anything they could reach to defend themselves. It wouldn't be enough. Not by a long shot. The archers were almost useless in close combat, especially against a large group like the one assailing them now. They never stood a chance.

Lilith stood, frozen as the legions of Dark Minions rushed around her. She felt her fear overcoming the hold she had on her bladder. Piss poured from her body and ran down her legs. She did nothing to stop it. She couldn't. Her water soaked her leggings puddling on the grass beneath her. Lilith fell to her knees, feeling the warmth of her own liquid press against her leg. She smelt the acrid stench of anomia in the air, and could hear the hiss of her urine running into her pants. The accident barely registered in Lilith's mind. Why should she care about her loss of bladder control if she could lose her life? A hand encased in black chainmail interrupted Lilith's stupor, crashing into the side of her head, and sending her into darkness.

When Lilith awoke she was sitting with her back pressed against har wood. She looked around herself. She was in a wagon, surrounded by the other members of her band. Small, barred windows at the top of the walls emitted a small, ambient light. Groggily returning to her senses, Lilith remembered the events of the battle. Her heart started to beat faster in fear as she realized she had been taken by the Dark Lord's minions. She felt another blush rise in her cheeks as she remembered her shameful accident. And, what's worse, the darkened wood under Lilith's legs told of multiple similar embarrassments while she was unconscious. Looking around at her battered comrades, she realized she wasn't the only one. Most, if not all of the women had visible signs of some accident. Robin was crouched in a corner, head lolling on her shoulders. Dark streaks on her leggings told of her accident. Aliyah, next to Robin, also sat in soaked pants, telling that she too had lost control and wet herself.

Lilith sat in silence stunned at the day's events. The King's army may have won today's battle, but they had lost their archers, their greatest asset. The war would never be the same.

*004*2022-02-04 14:16

{{19 hours ago, DsGSilver said:

Really good story! Fear wetting feels like it's getting rarer every day, so this was very welcome.

}}

Thank you! That means a lot coming from the master of fear wetting himself.

*007*2022-04-17 18:11

{{On 4/10/2022 at 4:35 PM, Theonlysaneperson said:

Is this a one-off, or a series?

}}

Just a little one-shot I did for fun.

