Jess' Bladder Buster!

Author: JMatthews1995

*000*2019-05-04 07:47

It was Saturday afternoon at around 1pm when Soph decided that she wanted to have some fun with Jess' poor bladder. The girls had already decided that they'd be going out to watch a film, followed by a nice meal out, and finally an evening spent in a nice bar that Soph really enjoyed going to.

"Can I watch you pee before we go out Jess" exclaimed Soph.

"Of course you can!" Said Jess. She loved when Soph teased her and enjoyed her pee fetish with her.

The girls both went into the bathroom and Jess settled her self onto the toilet. She opened her legs slightly so that Soph could see her cute little pussy and slowly released her muscles. The pee trickled from her delicate pussy lips and splashed into the toilet below. Soph watched patiently, knowing full well that this would be the last relief Jess would get until late that night! Jess' poor bladder and dainty pussy had no idea what was coming! Soph watched with intent as the last few trickles dripped from Jess' delicate lips.

"No wiping Jess!" She said as she saw Jess reach for the toilet paper. "I want you all tingly and turned on!"

Jess smiled and stood up. She slid her panties up and Soph watched as a tiny dark patch appeared on the light pink material.

"Naughty girl!" she exlaimed as she gently spanked Jess on her firm butt.

"You love it!" said Jess, putting on a cheeky pout.

The girls both headed out for the cinema. It was a short drive. Jess was wearing her tight jeans and had her converse on her dainty bare feet. She quite liked the naughty feeling of not wearing socks. It was almost rebelious! Knowing that it made Soph tingle was also a huge advantage.

Once at the cinema, they ordered their tickets. Soph decided to order the drinks.

"2 medium lemonades please." She knew the film was long. She wanted to give Jess at least a fighting chance to make it until bed time. She also wanted to know she'd make it till she got home!

Throughout the film, the girls both drank their entire drinks and by the time it was the end, Soph already needed to pee a fair amount. She had been lazy with her bladder training the last few weeks and it was clearly showing. Jess on the other hand was only just feeling the light tingle. Before going out for their meal they decided they'd go home, shower together, and change into nicer clothing.

The girls both entered the bathroom at the same time, stripped naked, and Soph turned on the shower. Jess walked towards the toilet and began to lift the seat.

"What are you doing?" Demanded Soph.

"Peeing? I easily held through the cinema. I always pee before I shower."

"Not today you don't." Soph grabbed Jess' arm and pulled her into the shower with her. "You're holding till we get home later!"

Soph jokingly grabbed Jess' puffy pussy and gave it a gently squeeze.

"I'll help if you like." She joked as she let go. She then took hold of Jess' hand and put it between her legs. Instantly releasing her pee hole and peeing all over Jess' hand.

"Oh god that feels good!" Exclaimed Jess as she pulled her self closer. Intertwining her legs with Sophs. "Keep going hun!"

Once Soph had finished peeing all over her girlfriend they scrubbed and washed each other clean.

The girls dried them selves off. In the bedroom, Soph decided she would be dressing Jess. She handed her a pair of lacey panties, a sexy tight dress, and her favorite pair of over knee boots. She watched as Jess' shimmied into her dress and then slid her gorgeous bare feet into the boots.

"I'm gonna nibble those cute little toes later!" Soph teased. "Those boots really get me tingly and excited!"

Jess was looking down at the boots when she caught sight of her little tummy bulging slightly. It was a clear sign that her bladder was starting to fill. The walk to the restaurant wasn't far. As Jess stepped out of the house a cool breeze wafted up her skirt. It was at this point that she felt her first little bladder spasm. She began to wonder how long was Sophie going to force her to hold her pee in for?!

Sitting down at the table the girls got comfortable and ordered some coctails. Soph made sure that Jess was getting a large one and then gazed into her eyes as she drew it up through her straw. She knew that every gulp was yet another little addition to Jess' already rather full lightly throbbing bladder.

"When am I supposed to hold till?" Whispered Jess after checking that no one was in hearing distance.

"We aren't starting to walk home until that sexy little pussy of yours has leaked all over it's self!"

"But Soph! I might pee my self on the way back!"

"We can only hope!" Soph winked and waved over the waiter to order the second drink. She was determined to keep pouring liquid into Jess. She wanted to witness her begging for relief that night.

Throughout the meal, Jess' bladder began to send her more and more signals, It was like a pestering child, tugging at her skirt asking for sweets. She could live with it, but it was starting to get rather annoying. She focussed heavily on her beautiful girlfriend sat in front of her, pushing the nagging throb to the back of her mind and forcing her pee hole to do it's job properly! It wouldn't be getting relief any time soon!

By the time the deserts had arrived she had sipped her way through 2 coctails and a glass of wine! She was really starting to feel the need for relief and Soph was starting to notice.

"Do you need a wee wee hun?" She teased in a soft childish voice.

"No, not at all!" Jess lied. Her bladded spasmed as if to make her to correct her self, but she ignored it and clamped her leg muscles together tightly. Once again forcing her pee hole to resign to the fact it wasn't getting relief just yet.

"You look like you have to go quite badly hun." Again, Soph said teasingly. Jess picked up her wine, and drank another sip, as if to prove to Soph that she was totally in control of her need to pee.

They finished their meal rather early. It was around 7pm when they decided to head out to the bar. Already it had been 6 hours since Jess' bladder had been able to relieve its self, and by now she had drank a Medium coke, 2 coctails, and a big glass of wine. Soph spotted Jess' obvious bladder bulge as she slipped out the door of the restaurant.

"Look at that bulge!" She teased as she poked Jess in the tummy. Jess' bladder instantly sent a signal that it required relief but once again Jess denied it of that pleasure and clamped her pee hole tight shut. She wasn't sure how long her muscles would continue responding to such unfair requests. Only time would tell!

Both girls entered the bar, it was very busy and people were dancing. Soph dragged Jess straight to the bar. Once again she was in charge of the orders. She decided upon 2 more large coctails. Both looked to contain a stupid amount of liquid! Jess' bladder throbbed and she once again focused on holding as Soph payed the bar maid and began walking to an empty 2 seater table. Perching her self on the tall chair Jess realised how desperate her situation was. Her bladder was sending constantly nags to her brain, begging her to go and relieve it. Soph could tell she was getting uncomfortable and decided to tease her.

"I have to pee sooo bad Jess!" She whispered. "I'm going to have to go to the toilet in a second."

"You suck! You know that!" Jess whispered back. "You know how full I am!"

"Don't worry, I know. But I'm sure that tight little pussy of yours can keep it under control! When I get back from peeing, we are going dancing!"

Soph stood up, kissed Jess and wondered off. Jess began to panick a little. She couldn't dance?! Surely she'd pee her self?! How could she clamp her legs together when she was trying to get her moves on?! What if people saw her wetting her self?!

Soph arrived back, making Jess snap back out of her panicked thought as she put her hand on her shoulder from behind.

"That's soo much better!" Teased Soph. She leaned into Jess' ear. "I only pulled my panties to the side to pee. And I snapped them back across my still wet little pussy Jess"

Jess felt her clit tingle with excitement. Instantly she was totally focused on her own need and she forced her pussy to hold back her throbbing bladder as she dragged Soph out onto the dance floor. Every step she took towards the dance floor her bladder warned her what she was doing was stupid. She could feel each step jolt her huge swolen bladder inside her tummy and each step was another time she had to focus on clamping her tight little pee hole even tighter!

She attempted to dance. The steps were hard for her to focus on and each sudden move mad her pussy beg for relief. Soph pressed her self up against Jess she intertwined her legs with Jess' and began grinding against her. She felt Soph gently brush her pussy against the top of her thigh, the cool damp panties slid across the top of Jess' leg and instantly her pussy tingled again. Soph was amazing at dancing and could move in such sexy ways. Jess however was being forced by her bladder to keep some composure to her dance. She couldn't go all out because she knew if she did, she'd end up a soaking wet mess!

15 minutes or so passed. Suddenly, during a particularly risky dance move, Jess felt it! The first leak! It sprayed into her panties and the warmth spread fast around her pussy lips. She instantly forced her pussy to clamp shut and stop the flow. Luckily it responded. The look of shock on her face was an instant sign to Soph that her girlfriends pussy was now soaked with pee, and that they had to get out of the bar ASAP. She dragged Jess off the dance floor and through the crowded bar, hurrying straight to the front exit. Every step was torture for Jess' already worn out pee muscles and she could feel her bladder fighting for relief.

The cold air hit her like a brick wall as she stepped out into the evening air. A huge spurt escaped. She felt the trickle splash down the inside of her thighs. This time she couldn't help her self, she physically grabbed her pussy tight under her skirt. Hurrying down the pavement towards a back alley was torture. She knew she couldn't pee her self in full sight of the main road. Every hurried step tortured her worn out pee hole muscles. Soph was giggling as she dragged her girlfriend down towards a secluded walkway. Knowing full well her pussy was a soaking little mess at this point.

The second that Jess was off the main road she felt her pussy give up it's fight. A torrent of pee began flooding out of her, instantly pouring through her panties and down the inside of her sexy smooth legs. She felt the hot stream begin to wind it's way down into her boots, and a lovely hot pool began to fill up around her toes to begin with, then totally submerged her soles and heel as it filled futher and futher up in her boots. She peed endlessly for near enough a whole minute, totally filling her boots up to her knees! Soph watched in amazement as her gorgeous girlfriend drenched her self.

"You really really needed to go didn't you Jess?!" She said, the wideness of her eyes revealing her amazement at her girlfriends holding ability.

"Soooooo sooooooo badly!!!" puffed Jess as the relief washed over her. "I have hardly ever had to pee that bad before!"

"I'm so so impressed baby!" Whisperd Soph. She looked around, and once happy that no one was around she slid her hand up the inside of Jess' legs and grently stroked her soaking wet pussy through her panties.

"Lets get home! Quick!" Jess grabbed Sophs wet hand and dragged her from the alley way. Every step she took she felt her gorgeous feet splash around inside her totally soaked boots. "My feet are soaked Soph!" She giggled "You're licking them clean when we get home"

Soph nodded and hurried along behind her drenched princess.

Arriving home Jess leaned over and begin removing her boots. Soph pulled her back up and dragged her through to the bedroom instead. She wanted the pleasure of sliding Jess' pee filled boots off her gorgeous little feet. She grabbed a towel and sat Jess down on the edge of the bed, then knelt her self down beside her legs. Slowly she unzipped one of Jess' boots. As she slid it off a huge splash of pee fell to the floor between them. Jess stretched her leg out and wiggled her soaking wet little toes in front of Soph. A few little drops trickled off her smooth heel and dripped onto the floor. Instantly Soph grabbed Jess' little foot and began nibbling her pee soaked dainty toes. Jess' head tilted back with relaxation. It felt so nice having her gorgeous feet played with after stressing her poor bladder all day. It was just so relaxing for her.

"They're so sexy aren't they Soph?" She teased as her dainty feet got licked clean.

"Mhmmm!" muttered Soph as she continued kissing and licking Jess' soles and toes.

Once happy with her job on both of Jess' feet Soph crawled onto the bed next to Jess. She slid Jess' skirt up to reveal her wet little panties. Jess was lay flat with her legs slightly apart. Soph slid her finger under the side of Jess' panties and pulled them gently to the side, revealing a perfect neat glistening little pussy.

"You have the cutest little pussy you do Jess!" whispered Soph.

"I know! Are you going to lick her clean? She's been so good hasn't she!" Jess was smiling cutely at Soph. The look on her face was saying "I want to come! Hard!!"

Soph slid her finger between Jess' pee soaked little lips and gently tickled her for a little while, then slid it back out and let her panties snap back over her pissy pussy.

"Nope!" replied Soph. "I'll do it tomorrow. I think you deserve to sleep in those stinky panties you naughty girl!"

"Seriously?!" Replied Jess. The mood on her face obvious.

"Yup. Then I'll lick you clean tomorrow!" Soph by now was removing her boots and taking off her skirt ready for bed.

"Fine!" Replied Jess. Clearly rather stroppy now.

Soph slid under the covers and settled in. Jess removed her skirt and slid under the covers to join her. Soph rolled onto her back with Jess snuggled up tight against her. She felt Jess press her pissy pussy against her thigh. She didn't mind at all.

*003*2019-05-04 18:41

{{10 hours ago, huberp76 said:

Great story, thank you.

}}

{{2 hours ago, Melificentfan said:

That was fantastic

}}

Thank you both

