Japan - Efficiency Improvement Day

Author: JMatthews1995

*000*2019-12-14 14:46

The year is 2035. Taki was on her way to university at 8am. She was lucky as she was in one of the most respected Kōritsu kaizen-bi universities in the country. It was a posh all girls university in Tokyo and was well renound for training the most hardworking people in Japan. Taki knew she had a long day ahead of her. It was definitely going to be a tough one!

Taki entered her class and sat down with all her friends. There was a dull mood in the atmosphere as all the girls knew that today was going to be a hard, perhaps somewhat embarassing day for them. You see, today was Kōritsu kaizen-bi. Roughly translated into "Efficiency improvement day".

Japan had fallen on hard times. Un-employment was at all an all time high due to the huge increase in automation at their production plants. The theory behind Kōritsu kaizen-bi was that all people would be expected to work like robots. That meant that they would have to perform their jobs non-stop for 8 hours a day if they wanted to stand any chance of keeping up pace with the automated lines. This unfortunately meant, no toilet breaks!!

Taki sat her self down in her chair and got her books out. The teacher came in and delivered a small 250ml cup of water to each of the girls. She sat at the front of the class and watched them all drink. Kōritsu kaizen-bi was the one day of the week that the girls got to choose their clothing, and for very good reason. You see, as part of their training regime the girls must complete a full 8 hour day per week without access to toilets. This would prepare them for their future working 8 hour shifts in the production plants. They would also be told to drink 250ml per hour to make sure that they didn't get dehydrated.

The first 3 hours passed without any problem. All the girls seemed very focussed on their work. No one was lagging behind or looking distracted. Each hour came and another 250ml was drank by all the girls in the class. No one questioned or refused, they just gulped each glass down as fast as possible and continued their work.

By the 5 hour mark Taki was begining to become wary of her bladder. The need was definitely there but she could hold fine for now. This didn't seem to be the case for poor Wakumi. She was sat in front of Taki and she had caught her eye. Wakumi had begin to wiggle on her seat. Starting to obviously show signs of desperation.

"Wakumi!" Said the teacher in a stern voice. "Why are you wiggling around so much?!"

"I'm not miss. I am just trying to get comfortable!"

"Ok! You better not be showing signs of pee desperation! You know your 3 hours from the end don't you! I have seen how much you can hold and I would be greatly disapointed in you if you gave up so early on!"

"Yes miss. I understand miss!"

Wakumi clamped her legs tight together and continued to work. The teacher brought around the 6th round of drinks and watched Wakumi's expression as she placed one on her desk.

"You'll be OK Wakumi! I believe in you."

"Thanks Miss" Replied Wakumi.

Taki messaged Wakumi on their class chat app on their laptops.

"Are you OK hun?"

"No!!" Replied Wakumi in an instant "I can't make it Taki! I really can't!"

"You have to! You know the punishment!"

"I know! I just can't hold on much longer!"

"Just do your best! I need to pee too. So does everyone. But we have to hold."

15 minutes passed. Taki's bladder was begining to throb with desperation by now and she knew poor Wakumi was in a worse state than her. She peared over the screen of her laptop to see Wakumi wiggling and twiching her feet around under her chair. Suddenly she heard a splashing!

"Chuya!!! Are you peeing your self in my class room?!" Shouted the teacher.

The whole class turned round to look. Chuyka, a chubby faced cute kinda girl was sat with her hands on her head. Pee flooding from the chair down onto the floor and flooding into her shoes.

"I..I...I'm so sorry miss!! I just couldn't hold any longer!" She was bright red in the face. She knew full well she would be spending the next 2 hours 45 minutes sitting working soaked with pee. But in a weird way this was better than the struggle of holding any longer.

"You will continue to work! You're such a mess! Girls! Look at Chuya, She has peed her self. If anyone else pees them self in my class today then next weeks challenge will be 10 hours!"

The whole class sighed. By now there were 24 girls sat working with full bladders and 2 hour 45 minutes between them and relief. Wakumi was struggling the most.

"Taki!" She messaged.

"What is it?"

"I can't go on much longer!"

"You have to! You will get us all 10 hours next week if you give up now!"

"My panties are already wet Taki. I can't hold on!"

"Put your hand down there or something. Sit on your heel! Do anything!"

Taki watched as Wakumi tucked her foot under her bum and pressed the weight of her body onto her heel, squeezing her pee hole shut and pressing her wet panties into her pussy.

"Did that work?"

"A little. But I don't think I can do nearly 3 hours!"

Taki didn't reply. She just put a rolling eyes emoji. Another 15 minutes passed. Suddenly Taki heard another splashing noise. This time from much closer. She looked up over her screen to see if it was Wakumi. It was.

"Stop it!! Before the teacher notices!" She whispered.

"Notices what?!" Barked the teachers voice. She came striding over only to find Wakumi sat with pee flooding of her chair all over the floor creating a huge puddle. "Right! That's it. 10 hours it is next time then!"

"But miss?!" Taki pleaded.

"Miss what?! Do you want a job when you leave this place?!"

Taki didn't argue. It was with this silence that she heard yet another splashing noise. Right in the corner of the class Yori had given up as well. The hot pee flooded into her panties and leggings, poured from under her skirt and splashed down the inside of her legs all over her feet in her ballet flat shoes.

"Another one?!" Shouted the teacher. "Does anyone else plan on peeing them selves over the next 2 hours? You may as well get it out of the way and sit in your pee soaked clothes if you do!"

Two girls put their hands up.

"I can't hold on any longer either miss. Please can I pee.. Please?!"

"Fine! Haven't I taught you anything in this class?! Look at me. I have drank more than you and my pee hole is firmly clamped shut. I could go on for hours yet!"

The two girls peed them selves as well. By this point there were 5 girls sat with huge puddles under their chairs. Working beaverishly on their project work whilst sitting in pee soaked clothes as punishment. There was also 20 hugely full bladders begging for relief. Taki was one of them, she knew full well her pee hole couldn't hold out for much longer. She didn't fancy sitting with a soaking wet pair of panties and leggings for the rest of the day though and she was determined to keep her pussy clamped tight shut!

TBC.....

*003*2019-12-14 18:00

Taki continued her work. As bad as she felt for the 5 girls who had already wet them selves she was relieved it wasn't her. She was determined that her poor bladder muscles would hold out. She tucked her foot up under her bum and pressed her pee hole firmly onto her heel, clamping it shut tight. She looked over the front of her laptop at Wakumi who was sat wearing soaking wet leggings and pee soaked ballet flats. She was determined not to end up in her situation.

Once again a hissing noise eminated around the classroom.

"Who is it this time?!" Barked the teacher. "Put your hand up!"

A girl just to the front right of Taki put her hand up slowly. She had her legs spread and was allowing the pee to flow freely off the front of her chair and onto the floor.

"Close your legs together!" Demanded the teacher. "No getting away with dry legs and feet! You should be soaked like all the other girls!"

She clamped her legs together and the pee flooded down her calfs and filled her ankle boots.

"Good! That's better. A lady sits with her legs together. You need to learn that as well!"

The girl looked totally embarassed with her self. She looked around at her class mates, her face glowing with embarassment.

Taki felt her bladder spasm. It was begging for relief but she was not going to allow it. She re-seated her self onto her heel and continued working. Clamping her pee hole tighter shut than ever before. Just an hour and 15 minutes left!!

"Right then girls. Seeing as how 6 of you have already wet your self I believe a punishment is in order! An extra hour will be added onto the lesson. You will hold until then."

You could feel the tension in the room. 19 girls all suddenly felt their bladder spasm for relief and everyone of them faught back by clamping their pee muscles ever tighter. Unfortunately for 2, their fight wasn't strong enough. Both girls began to flood their panties and trousers. The teacher again checked that they were sat like proper girls and made sure that they had their legs together and their feet tucked under the table. No one would be going home with dry legs and shoes!

The sound of two girls both wetting at the same time sent the remaining 17 girls into a panic of grabbing, squeezing and jiggling around.

"You can do this Taki. Just 2 hours and 15 minutes" She whispered to her self as she gently squeezed her pussy with her hand.

"Are you holding your privates Taki?!" Shouted the teacher. "What sort of girl grabs her pussy in public?!"

"No miss! I am just... I am urm.. re-arranging my leggings...."

"Rubbish. Get your hand out from down there."

Taki removed her hand and felt her pee hole twitch and send a trickle of hot pee into her panties. She instantly re-grabbed her self on instinct.

"Leaking are you?" Quizzed the teacher.

"No miss. Definitely not!"

"I don't believe you! Stand up!"

Taki slowly stood up. Her bladder streching inside her stomach made her moan as she did so.

"Pull your leggings down. Now!"

Taki did as she was told. She slowly slid her leggings down. The pressure being removed from her waistband actually helped. As soon as they were down passed the bottom of her panties the teacher leaned in for a look.

"You're wet Taki!" She said. "Why did you lie?"

"I was embarassed miss." She replied softly.

"Don't be! Stopping a leak like that with a bladder as full as yours is impressive. Girls! You could learn something from Taki. She began pissing her self and stopped it mid flow! Now she can continue working with dry leggings and shoes! You lot, you need to train your self to get to this ability! Taki you may sit down."

Taki pulled her leggings back up. The tight waistband squeezed against her throbbing bladder and the familiar sensation of her pee hole spasming returned. This time it was fighting to hold back the flood even though it was already all pissy and wet!

15 minutes passed. 17 girls were remaining. Taki noticed in the corner of her eye one of her friends move really quickly. She looked over and saw Arkira sat with her hand rammed into her private area. The teacher hadn't noticed just yet but was walking over slowly.

"Akira! She's coming!" Whispered Taki.

Akira quickly took her hand out from between her legs but it was the wrong choice. Her pee hole gave way and sent a torrent of pee flooding through her panties, out under her skirt, down her bare legs and all over her feet in her ballet flats.

"Oooooh tut tut tut... Another one pees her self. You girls really need to learn how to control your selves!" Muttered the teacher as she watched Akira pee her self uncontrollably. Akira didn't even raise her head. She just continued working as her bladder relieved it's self into her panties and shoes.

"Good girl for not getting distracted by the fact you are peeing your self though. That would be highly praised in a work environment!"

Slowly but surely another 5 girls wet them selves during the 8th hour. Only one hour remaining and only 11 girls were sat with dry panties. Well relatively dry. Most of them by this point had leaked a couple of times at least and managed to regain control over their pulsating little pee holes.

Taki coughed. A hot pee jet sprayed into her panties. Once again she managed to clamp off the flow.

"Just one hour to go!! please hold on!" She whispered whilst looking down at her wet little pussy.

It was then that something caught Taki's eye. It was Hana. She had always been the rebel of the class. She was once again breaking all the rules. Hana had managed to pull her panties to the side and was slowly peeing off the front of her chair, avoiding soaking her skirt and sneakers.

"HANA!!" Shouted the teacher as she caught her eye. "Stand up! NOW!"

Hana panicked and jumped up. She struggled to stop the flow from her pee hole but some how managed it.

"Turn around and face the class!" Hana slowly shuffled round and looked at her friends. "Hana was attempting to pee without being seen. She will now stand and pee her self in front of you all."

Hana turned bright red and looked at her class mates. Most of whom were now sat with soaked little pussies and drenched legs and feet.

"Please miss. I managed to stop it didn't it?!"

"I don't care. Pee your self!"

Hana did as she was told. She stood and released her quivering pee hole, a waterfall of pee flooded down her legs and totally filled her sneakers with hot pee. Of the remaining 10 girls 3 of them instantly began to wet uncontrollably as well. Torrents of pee flooded down their legs and all over their feet and shoes.

"You girls are useless at holding!" shouteed the teacher. "Who's still dry?!" She demanded.

Taki and 6 other girls slowly raised their hands.

"Good girls! Only 30 minutes left!" As soon as she announced the time remaining Taki's bladder spasmed and a huge spray of pee released into her panties and leggings. She couldn't stop it. She looked around in panick at the other 6 of which 2 were also obviously wetting them selves alongside her.

"Jesus girls! Another 3 of you?! Seriously?!"

Taki felt her cheeks turn hot as her pussy bathed itself in her warm pee. It felt amazing to releave her self but knowing she was going to have to spend the next 30 minutes with a soaked pussy and pee soaked feet really wasn't her favorite.

"That just leaves 3 of you then! You 3 may hold your selves to complete the last 30 minutes!"

The 3 remaining girls instantly grabbed their pussies tightly. All of them quivered as they pressed their already pissy panties firmly into their pussies.

"Good luck girls! You can do it!" Muttered the teacher.

*006*2019-12-15 14:17

Suki, Sara and Niko were the last girls still holding. None of them by this point had dry panties. They had all leaked and somehow managed to reclamp their quivering little bladder muscles.

"Just 25 minutes girls!" Anounced the teacher. "Good to see you are all still looking composed!"

Suki was far from comfortable though. Her bladder was sending constant spasms and twinges to her pee muscles, begging for relief. She was only remaining composed because every ounce of her energy was now going to keeping her little pee hole clamped shut. She pressed her hand even harder into her pussy and started muttering.

"Come on Suki! You can hold it like a big girl! You don't want to end up with soaked clothes on!"

Spasm after spasm came from her poor little pee hole. By this point she knew it wasn't going to be long before she was soaked. She just wanted to make sure it was longer than 25 minutes. Suddenly she heard a noise.

"Niko?! Is that you?!" Shouted the teacher from the front.

"Yes miss" muttered Niko softly. Torrents of hot pee now flooding from her pussy, through her panties and leggings and all over her ballet flats under her chair.

"Well are you going to stop it?!"

"I am trying miss! I can't!"

"Disappointing Niko!" The teacher tutted as she watched Niko grabbing at her pussy trying to regain any sort of control. "Looks like it's out of you two then!" She looked at both Suki and Sara who both had their hands firmly pressed into their pussies.

Sara had been relatively quite through the whole process. She was wearing a black skirt and had bare legs and ballet flats on. She had come prepaired to wet her self with clothing that would dry quickly. Suki hadn't been quite as prepared. She had come with some of her favorite clothing as an incentive to force her to hold. She had a lovely leather skirt, comfy black leggings and a pair of really cute knee high boots. She was determined not to soak her self completely no matter what it took!

The two girls squirmed and wriggled clutching tightly at their quivering little damp pussies. They had just 15 minutes left to go and both of them were fighting to the bitter end, determined to prove them selves to their strict teacher. With just 10 minutes left, poor Sara could feel her pee hole giving way. Spurt after spurt of hot pee bathed her quivering pussy lips and trickled under her bum. If only she could keep it at this slow leak maybe she would be able to make the full 9 hours without being spotted!

"Right then you two. Seeing as you are the last ones standing and you only have 10 minutes left I want you to both stand up." Instructed the teacher.

Both girls slowly slid their chairs back, their pussies begging for relief and their bladders bulging out the front of their flat little tummies. Suki was first up, she felt a hot jet of pee escape and instantly grabbed her private parts tightly regaining control. Sara took a little longer. As she straightened up her bladder spasmed hard and sent a huge wave of pee flooding into her panties. There was no stopping it this time. She grabbed and squeezed as tight as she could but the hot pee flooded down her beautiful legs and filled her ballet flats.

"So close Sara!! So so close!" Exclaimed the teacher. She was genuinely disapointed for Sara as she was only 5 minutes of holding left. "Suki, how are you doing? Just 5 minutes to go!"

Suki, who's hands were both firmly pressed into her crotch gave a light smile and continued to hold firm. By now her pee hole had practically given up holding and she was holding the pee in entirely by keeping pressure on her quivering pussy. The minutes passed by extremely slowly. Each one felt like eternity. Then, the bell rang! Time was up!

"Well done Suki!" Exclaimed the teacher. "I'm seriously impressed!"

As soon as the teacher had finished her sentance Suki exploded. Her pussy just gave way completely, a hot flood of pee sprayed into her panties and leggings. It poured down her sexy legs and flooded into her boots, under her soft soles and pooled around her delicate little toes. The relief was incredible. A shiver spread throughout her body as her poor bladder deflated near enough 1.5l of pee down her sexy legs.

"Wow you needed that didn't you Suki?!" The teacher muttered as she watched her star pupil pee her self in front of her. "I bet that feels amazing!" Suki nodded and smiled.

"I can't believe I managed to hold that!" She muttered as the last few drips trickled into her panties.

"I'm impressed. Rigth then girls. Next weeks challenge is to try and beat Suki's 9 hours. She has set the bar high this time. Anyone that doesn't meet Suki's time will be working the rest of the lesson in their wet clothes again. Now, grab some mops you lot, it's time to clean up your mess!"

All 25 girls got to work cleaning the soaking wet floor. Some who had peed them selves early on had panties and shoes that were near enough dry. Others would be walking home with sopping wet panties and shoes!

*007*2019-12-15 14:23

Not too happy with that ending if am honest. I kinda zoned out half way through but didn't want to loose my train of thought

*009*2019-12-15 16:10

{{1 minute ago, HetaLuns said:

Will the teacher wet herself too?

I'm mad at her and I'd enjoy that

}}

Perhaps. I am trying to think of other ways forward with this. I am thinking perhaps the students start finding strange and clever ways to motivate their holds. Or that the teacher has a clever hack to motivate her self to hold etc.

