4's the Magic Number (Smite)

Author: JackFrost16

*000*2020-08-01 16:09

Amatarasu shivered as the cold air blew across her skin. She was standing in the jungle, her eyes locked on her target. The minotaurs stood no chance against the strong Japanese warrior. At least not if she was at full strength. Amatarasu however was not at her best. She wasn't sick, or injured or even tired. Amatarasu's problem was that she needed to pee. And she needed to pee bad. She knew that one slip up would seal her fait, and leave an embarrassing puddle on the ground.

Because of her predicament Amatarasu cleared the jungle camps at a snails pace, less than half of her normal speed. She was walking hunched over at this point completely desperate. The only way she would be saved was if the game ended immediately, and with all six towers still standing there was no way that was going to happen. Amatarasu's eyes widened as she felt a small leak hit her pants. It was the beginning of the end.

As Amatarasu stood in shocked silence as her bladder released. Instantly urine shot into her underwear dampening the fabric, before rushing onward. A large stain appeared on her yellow pants as her piss made contact with the soft fabric. The stain snaked its way down her legs before puddling on the ground. Her pants ruined, and hopes dashed, Amatarasu trudged on. Little did she know her fate would be shared by many others that day.

Artio ran through the jungle on the other side of the map. similar to Amatarasu, the bear goddess was desperate. She had been holding her pee for hours now, yet even still she had more pressing matters to deal with. Artio was being chased. she had gone too deep into enemy territory, and was about to pay the price. Hot on her heels was the goddess of war, Bellona. And she was gaining. Artio gasped and panted as she desperately tried to flee from her adversary.

Suddenly, Artio's foot caught the root of a tree and she hit the ground hard. Before she had a chance to recover, Bellona was standing in front of her. The tip of the Roman's sword mere inches above Artio's neck. The combination of the fall and the immediate threat of death proved to be too much for Artio's already strained bladder. Without warning, the floodgates opened and the goddess began to piss herself.

Her brown pants instantly soaked up Artio's pee, heating up her legs. The blue checkered kilt she wore wasn't spared either as it too was doused in urine. She groaned as the pee puddled under her back and ass, soaking into the dirt. Even the tips of her long hair were not spared from Artio's accident.

"Looks like someone made a mess" Bellona said with a chuckle. As the goddess of war she was used to people losing control of their bodily functions, but never before had she seen a goddess do the same. Still, there was a job to be done. Bellona raised her sword with the intention of cleaving Artio's head clean off her body. Fortunately for Artio she had some tricks up her sleeve. With a roar the once goddess became a titanic bear, lunging at Bellona. The goddess of war was unable to withstand such an assault and after a brief scuffle, decided enough was enough. She fell back and the massive bear loped off. Artio would live to fight another day.

Hera was in trouble. Her bladder was at its breaking point and there was no relief in sight. She had been clearing minion waves for the past hour and was on the verge of an accident. Her bladder spasmed and a few drops of pee snaked their way into her panties. Gritting her teeth the Queen of Gods was unwilling to give an inch. She knew however that she didn't have long. Abandoning her lane she made a mad dash for the jungle.

She would just have to pull up her dress and go in a bush. It was undignified, but so was wetting your pants like a child. There was no other option. Another spasm shook her body just as she found a suitable spot. Quickly her dress came up as she pulled her panties to the side. Her stream started slowly but was soon going full force. Hera let out a sigh. The relief felt so good!

As soon as that thought crossed her mind she heard footsteps. Horrified, Hera quickly sot to her feet pulling her legs together and her dress down. To Hera's chagrin however she was unable to stop her stream. She was now peeing full force into her panties. The piss ran down her legs joining the puddle on the ground. The source of the footsteps turned the corner and Hera finally saw who it was.

Her teammate Isis stood in shock as she watched the queen goddess pee her pants. Ironically Isis had been searching for the same thing as Hera. A spot to relive her aching bladder in peace. Unfortunately, the sight of Hera's accident was too much for Isis to handle. Her legs crossed and her hands shoved into her crotch, but it was no use. She started to wet herself. A gasp escaped her lips as her accident began. Isis peed hard into her panties, saturating the fabric almost instantly. next the urine shot down the goddess's legs snaking towers the ground in a winding pattern. Her shoes were the next victim and they too were covered in piss.

The two goddesses looked at each other. Both powerful beings. Both with piss covering their legs. the two silently agreed to never speak of this moment to anyone. With a quit nod the goddesses went their separate ways.

*002*2020-08-15 16:24

{{On 8/1/2020 at 5:18 PM, Thispieguy1 said:

Another banger, a same Bellona didnt wet too

}}

I'm so glad you liked it! I was going to make Bellona wet too, but I tried it a few times a never really got it to work.

