The Art of Letting Go: Chloe's Secret Awakening

Author: JimSpurs666

*000*2023-10-18 23:20

Chloe had always had a stoic confidence about her. The 26-year-old PHD student had excelled academically, and was beyond proud of her PHD placement at one of the UK’s top universities. Although her toned and athletic body, modest yet perky breasts, and striking red hair meant she’d never had any issues attracting plenty of male (and the occasional female) suitors, aside from the odd one-night stand to satisfy a primal urge, she found her strongest fulfilments came from her studies. Rarely wanting for a romantic partner, she was content with her modest social life. She was well liked without being popular; never aggressive, although you knew not to mess with her. If Chloe was to be summed up in a word, it would be ‘determined’. 

She was always willing to take on the hardest academic challenges or push through the pain barrier to smash her 5K PB. She relished the rush of achieving her end goal despite the difficulty of the challenge before her. But one mild evening in late April, Chloe did not feel that familiar excitement around her current challenge. She was consumed by an acute apprehension, one that she feared was not all that far away from sheer panic. Her heart was racing, her brow was furrowed in effort, and her knees were locked together. She hadn’t paid attention to the detailed ramblings of her Modernism lecturer at the front of the class for some time now, as her mind was preoccupied with one, solitary thought.

Fuck. I really. Really. Need to pee.

The feeling of a full bladder was not one that was foreign to Chloe; getting lost in late night library sessions exploring 18th century gothic literature often led her to forget about her bodily needs until they became more pressing. The difference with those situations, however, is that her study time was exactly that - hers. She was comfortable waiting until a late dash was necessary when the only person’s time she was wasting was her own; but in front of a room full of class mates, plus her wispy-haired and kind hearted senior professor? That was totally out of the question. This decision to remain seated was compounded by her fierce competitiveness; there was no way, with just 10 minutes left of the lecture, that she was going to display her weakness so obtusely.

She brushed her hair out of her eyes to continue to steal glances at the old analogue clock on the wall, the metronomic ticking being the only thing she could focus on. She stared longingly at the now-empty bottle of water sat on her desk, cursing her lack of foresight. She hadn’t considered that the rising temperatures of that spring afternoon had caused her to drink more than she normally would, and she was now feeling the disastrous consequences that had on her bladder. She had no choice but to steel herself for the home stretch of this lecture. The sound of the clock became almost hypnotic. Her newfound trance-like state produced an emotional numbness, which was a pleasant relief from the very real discomfort she could feel building within her. This was only temporary though, until she was jarringly reminded of her surroundings.

“Chloe, what did you make of this passage?”

The sudden pressure to respond to the swathes of eyes now facing her made her jump and involuntarily squeeze her thighs together. Doing her utmost to keep her voice steady, she mumbled a vague answer about modernism and the transience of capitalist life, and was relieved to see her lecturer give a curt nod before carrying on with her monologue. She breathed an internal sigh of relief as she snatched a glance at the clock, now suddenly hyper aware of her now very desperate need.

3 minutes. I can do this.

She willed to herself, ignoring the growing self-doubt she had in her own affirmation. She knew her dorm was only a short 5-minute walk across the campus. Once she was there she was home and dry. Well, she knew she’d eventually make it home, but truth be told she didn’t have 100% confidence in the latter part of her statement. Her need now had risen to well beyond the point of any of her squirmy library sessions. The bulge of her bladder was cutting into the waistband of her skirt. Her untucking of her tight buttoned shirt had done little to ease the near-unbearable pressure within her. 

It was almost like she could feel her urethra beginning to be filled before stoic clenching helped her regain a modicum of safety. Her hands were resting on her locked knees, often twitching to grab between her legs before the rational side of her chastised her for even suggesting such a move in public. Seeking a pragmatic solution, as she always would, she decided to make a start on packing her tote bag before the lecture finished. She made every movement as deliberate and considered as possible to avoid any unnecessary stress to her lower abdomen. This method was a success, until a wayward elbow nearly knocked her heavy anthology book off the desk.

Instinctively, she lurched over to grab the dropping book, not realising the consequences this would have. A single, solitary drop of piss begin travelling down her urethra, and leaked through her tightly clenched lips, staining her red panties. Audibly gasping, Chloe had no choice but to bury her painted fingers tightly into her crotch. Along with the relief that she had suppressed that first leak and the shame that she had displayed this first act of public weakness, she was greeted with the last sensation she expected to feel in this moment—a jolt of electricity that shot up her clit.

Having bowed her head and clenched her eyes shut in effort to hold onto the rogue spurt, Chloe sat in bewilderment at this sensation. Quickly snapping back to reality, she opened her eyes and hurriedly scanned to see if her first slip in composure had been noticed by anyone. Luckily, her seat at the back of the theater meant all eyes were on the lecturer, who was now concluding her talks. Her relative privacy gave her a second to compose herself.

You didn’t enjoy it. You’re not turned on right now. Don’t be stupid, Chlo. You’re just…confused. Panicked and confused

She struggled to pick out her internal dialogue amongst the rising levels of anxiety growing in her mind. In a time where she desperately needed her body and mind to work in unison, the novel emotional dilemma she was experiencing was the last thing she needed if she was going to make it home dry-ish.

No one noticed though. You could always just-

She didn’t have time to complete that thought, before another leak found its way through her weakening defenses, definitely longer that before. If the last one was considered a drop, then the athletic academic had definitely produced what could be described as a dribble this time. This required another vice-like grip to be placed on her crotch through her skirt, with Chloe now acknowledging that the time for decency had long-since gone. Her raised heart rate and shallowed breathing were more telltale signs of the internal conflict growing within her. Knowing every second spent on trying to understand these feelings was another closer to an utter loss of control, she swung her tote bag over her right shoulder, begrudgingly removed her hand from between her thighs, and steeled herself as she stood up.

Hsss

Fuck

Time seemed to freeze as she almost doubled over from the pain, slamming her right thigh over her left as she lurched towards the ground. Chloe could hear an audible gush shoot out of her for over a second, quickly being absorbed by her now soaked panties. She could feel the liquid trickling across her aching and tiring lips, only teasing her further in her current state.

I…can make it. I know I can make it. I’ve got to make it.

Her mind had now settled on the single issue of making it home as fast as her tortured body could allow. Doing everything she could to not writhe in desperation, she began at crawling pace to tip toe out of the lecture hall into the mild evening air.

The supposed 5-minute journey to her dorm had not factored in the measures Chloe had to take to prevent wetting herself. She dared not open her thighs more than she needed to, as it felt like the pressure placed on her pee-hole was all that separated the contents of her bladder from the concrete below. Shuffling one foot in front of the other was making for painstaking progress She would have been concerned about how she looked to an onlooker if she had the mental capacity to think of anything but the discomfort her need was causing her. Every fibre in her body was forcing her twitching hands to stay balled in fists by her sides, fighting the temptation to cup her now-twitching pussy to help her hold. 

She was blind in pain, panic, and…another third feeling she didn’t want to admit to herself. Trying to understand these new sensations lead to a short, but critical, lapse in concentration, as she stepped on an uneven paving slab ahead of her. She lost another spurt as she froze in place, legs crossed. She felt the first droplet slide down her thighs, and although she knew they wouldn’t be visible to a passerby, it was a sign of the inevitable to Chloe. The pressure above her crotch was now unbearable, and, despite her accommodation building being no more than 100m away, the brief moments of weakness had given her a taste of relief that was now becoming too strong to ignore. Her breathing became rapid and irregular as she could feel her heart banging in her ears, the pain now white-hot between her legs. This mature, 26-year-old academic, quivering in primal desperation, felt her legs glued to the floor.

I’m not going to make it.

Her locked and trembling thighs tensed as much as they could as her weary muscles began to fail. She felt a faint warmness permeate the searing pain in her bladder. Despite every internal alarm bell screaming for her to hold on, she felt her control begin to wither. Slowly, but terrifyingly surely, she felt her grip on her bodily functions loosen as piss began making its way through her urethra. This was the end. She was going to piss right then and there. She was humiliated already – she didn’t know how she was going to cope when everyone saw her, a grown woman, have an accident. Through a blur of tears that were now falling down her face, she scanned to see her how big the audience would be to her humiliation. That’s when she saw it.

One makes irrational decisions when under pressure, when stressed. To Chloe actively leaking piss into her underwear in the middle of her university campus, it’s completely conceivable that some grass in the middle of a university quod could look like a toilet when the alternative is to have an accident in the middle of the path. With one, final, effort, Chloe diverted all her physical energy to leaping onto the grass, before sinking to her knees in defeat.

She didn't even have to relax before her pent-up piss came exploding out of her. In her heightened sense of panic, the hissing rush that was pouring out of her tired lips, spreading over her clit, and drenching the ground below was deafening. She could physically feel the bulge on her belly deflate as she sunk her head lower into relief. Her panties were ruined, she knew that, but the relief she felt was euphoric, it was intoxicating, it was, it was..

Oh my god. I’m going to cum

Orgasmic.

The world around her went black as she felt her heart rate crescendo once again, the constant pressure of her piss jetting into her panties was a level of stimulation she’d never felt before. She couldn’t help but slide one heel to settle just into her crotch, gyrating her hips to maximise the sensation. In an act of horny foolishness, she took her right hand and pressed on her bladder, increasing the speed of the stream coming from between her legs into a torrent.

That was too much for the teased and tired girl, as electricity exploded from her clitoris. She had to take her free left hand and cover her mouth to stop herself screaming in climactic joy. No man, woman, or toy had ever given her the bliss that she had felt in the last 30 seconds. She'd reached a climactic nirvana that opened her eyes to what a true orgasm could be, what a true orgasm should be. She couldn't help but feel disappointment as she felt her stream begin to dry down from a torrent, to a flood, to a stream, to a dribble, until, finally, her bladder was empty.

Being freed of her urinary urge allowed her to snap back to a relative reality. Regaining control over her breathing, she scanned the area around her once again, expecting to be greeted with swathes of her peers jeering at her for having an accident like a little girl. To her confusion, however, life was continuing as normal. Passers-by were walking past as if nothing had happened. A snatched glance down at her waist revealed an fortunate piece of genius from her – her skirt had fallen in such a way that her stream poured directly into the grass below, hiding her accident from the outside world. She had survived what could have been the most embarrassing moment of her life, save for a soaking and sticky pair of ruined panties.

Holy fuck. I just pissed myself…

Scanning the area one more time and checking the puddle of evidence wasn’t too noticeable, she gingerly rose to her feet, still reeling from the earth-shattering orgasm she’d had.

I Just pissed myself…and I fucking loved it.

###

Hi guys 😊,

Veeeery long term user of omo.org here. Always had the urge to be more active on this site, but randomly got hit with a burst of creativity over the past couple of days. The fics of self-discovery have always been a favourite of mine, and I don’t feel that they’re a genre explored often enough on this site, at least in fiction form, despite it being such a universal experience for so many of us. This ‘use of public grass space as an emergency toilet’ fantasy has been a fantasy of mine for a while too, so couldn’t think of any better topic for my first ever proper contribution to this site despite being a viewer for almost 10 years.

This is the first piece of creative writing I’ve done since I left school, so please don’t hesitate to give me feedback positive or negative. If this gets enough eyes, I’d definitely consider continuing Chloe’s wet adventures into her own self-discovery.

Hope you enjoy! My DM’s are always open on this site or Twitter (Michyman442), so don’t hesitate in reaching out – I’m always on the lookout for Omo friends.

Happy holding,

J

P.S. Thank you to my ‘editor’…you know who you are 😉

*006*2023-10-21 01:33

So touched by the nice comments! Will definitely consider a part 2. Let me know of ideas for a new direction

