Star Wars Desperation

Author: Johnny Voodoo

*000*2020-05-27 19:49

Sounds of blaster fire and screams of pain pierced through the tepid air. The ground below was unrecognizable with massive holes from cannons leaving their scars on the planet. Just a year ago the same field which was now littered with the bodies of clone troopers seemed to have an abundance of animal and plant life. Now, the number of trees remaining after the onslaught of war could be counted on a lone, human hand. The nearby farming civilizations lay desolate as its citizens fled to escape the ruins which now laid nearly everywhere. The fields where farmers harvested their crops no longer contained seeds within them, but rather corpses which lay in pools of blood next to frayed pieces of technology.

Each army jostled back and forth, struggling to gain an advantage in the frontlines of the battle. The clone troopers held an edge in this regard, as they had carefully positioned themselves in a location where a proud municipality once stood. The rubble of the buildings wasn’t much, but it was better than the alternative of fighting in the open with no cover. This asset was already beginning to lose its value as the sheer number of droids the Separatist army was equipped with was takings its toll on the Grand Army of the Republic.

“Sir! We are losing men by the minute, we cannot hold out much longer,” clone trooper Thread exclaimed, holding down his communicator in order to relay the message to his captain.

His squadron of five had now been reduced to three, and he didn’t like the odds of the rest of them surviving.

“We must hold the line! Reinforcements are on their way!” Captain Royal responded, immediately poking his head back out to destroy an incoming swarm of battle droids.

He lay with his back against a wooden structure. He had seen a lot of action throughout the war, but none like this. His detachment of troopers was on a scouting mission, not an assault. He looked over to Thread’s position as droids overran the sector, killing any clone which stood in their path. He shook his head and took aim at another one of the countless droids which stood ahead of him.

Ashoka Tano wielded her blades in order to deflect the incoming blaster fire. Her glance quickly averted from the waves of battle droids to her soldiers which filled the ranks around her. Their numbers were dwindling, quickly. She couldn’t help but to hear the screams of her men being ruthlessly gunned down and torn apart, only to be replaced by the next trooper behind them. She knew this was a bad idea from the start.

As the battle continued, the droids continued their advancement with ease as they outgunned the clones on a near fifty to one ratio.

“Cut off their escape route, I want the Jedi alive!” shouted Wat Tambor, leader of the Confederate forces, to his tactician droid.

“Yes, sir. Repositioning forces to cut off escape route, sir,” responded the droid in a robotic tone.

A squadron of droids began its way behind the preoccupied republic forces. It wouldn’t be long until they would be able to advance in and completely surround their enemies.

“Sir! We are surrounded!” Commander Royal shouted as he noticed they no longer had any path to escape.

“Just a little longer, we must hold on!” Ashoka quickly responded.

Ashoka sure hoped Anakin would arrive on the scene soon. Ashoka had been sent on a reconnaissance mission with several squadrons of clone troopers to survey a fallen city for survivors or supplies of any kind. As they had reached their destination, they were immediately besieged by a scout team of droids. They were quick to dispatch of them, but they had managed to relay their position to the rest of their forces. Wat Tambor was quick to arrive.

Ashoka had called in reinforcements, but they were no forces available as the only other republic military presence on the planet was led by Anakin, and they were scouting their own sector. They had run into difficulties with local creatures, but Anakin promised Ashoka that he would be there as soon as possible. As the droids came closer and closer in, Ashoka realized her only hope of survival hung on her Master.

Anakin sprinted to his star fighter. With the local animals put down with minimum casualties, Anakin now had a bigger problem to deal with. He swiftly jumped into the cockpit and fired up his engine. With ease he was able to maneuver his ship off the ground, with nearly twenty gunships behind him.

“Ashoka is not going to be happy we’re late,” he said to one of his fellow pilots.

“Better late than never, right General?” the pilot responded.

“You can be the one to tell her that,” Anakin quipped.

Anakin plugged the coordinates of Ashoka’s position into his navigator and willed his fighter to go as fast as possible.

“Just a little bit longer Ashoka,” he thought.

“Surrender Jedi scum!” taunted Watt Tambor from the safety of his transport.

What began as five dozen troops was now fifty-seven dead bodies and three fighting for their lives with one optimistic Jedi leading the cause.

“Sir, it’s just the four--” Captain Royal was cut off as he watched Clipper get gunned down right next to him, “three of us.”

Ashoka, Royal and Cobb stood on the remnants of the upstairs of a building. Their elevated position provided them a small advantage, but just enough to hold out for a little longer. Ashoka skillfully bended and twisted her blade to deflect the countless amounts of laser fire being sent at her and her two troops which remained. Royal dipped and dodged his way through the laser storm, all while returning fire with his two blaster pistols. Cobb manned the rotary blaster cannon, gunning down droid after droid with the quick hitting weapon.

“AHH! I’m hit!” Royal screamed in agony as a shot pierced his right shoulder.

Cobb looked to see his wounded commander falling, but that would prove to be fatal. Two blaster shots pierced his helmet immediately, killing him. The droids began to stop firing. Ashoka thought they had finally been able to slow them down before she realized that she was completely surrounded. She had been defeated.

“Ahhh. The great Ashoka Tano. Not much a match for the mighty droid army!” Tambor exclaimed excitedly as he dismounted.

Ashoka wished she could keep fighting, but she knew she couldn’t defeat all these droids. As much as she hated it, she had to surrender.

“I am in no position to keep...” Ashoka couldn’t finish her sentence before the unmistakable sound of a gunship overhead cut her off.

She looked up and smiled as she saw Anakin’s Jedi fighter leading the charge, as the clone troopers behind him manned the guns and began tearing into the droids that surrounded her and Royal.

“Now’s our chance, let’s move!” Ashoka said quickly to Royal, helping him walk as the droids shot upwards toward the gunships in confusion.

Tambor quickly realized they didn’t have the weaponry to counter an airstrike and ordered a retreat.

“Cut our losses, we must escape!” Tambor shouted to his tactician droid as he quickly ran to his transport and cowardly piloted it back to the Separatist stronghold.

Troops from the gunship began to repel down to the ground, cleaning up what was left of the retreating forces. Ashoka continued to help Captain Royal until two other troopers came to her side to take him.

“We got him from here Commander,” the trooper to the right said as he wrapped one of Royal’s arms around his shoulders.

“Thanks Commander, you saved my skin back there,” Royal said appreciatively.

“As did you,” Ashoka said with a cheerful grin as Royal began to be moved towards the medics.

The battle had taken much longer than expected, and Ashoka’s mind began to shift to another thought, a bodily function, before her thinking was interrupted by Anakin.

“Looks like you needed a rescue after all, huh?” Anakin jested cheerfully.

“Hey, if you had come sooner none of this mess would have happened,” Ashoka chirped back.

“Next time, try not to get spotted by droid patrols, okay?” Anakin said with a grin.

“Sir! We have found no other survivors, it was just you and Royal who made it out,” said a trooper who approached them said, “I suggest we move to a more reinforced area in case of the clankers decide to come back.”

Ashoka was devastated to lose all her men in an unnecessary battle. The price of war was often steep yet losing friends never became easier.

“You’re right, tell the boys to load up the ships and get out of here. We can discuss what happened back at the base,” Anakin said.

Ashoka smiled at the thought of going back to base, as she knew she could find a bathroom and continue on with her day. The warm climate of the planet had forced her to drink more water than she was used to in order to stay hydrated for battle.

Anakin and Ashoka walked together towards a gunship close to them, discussing the events of the battle. As they entered the gunship, Anakin was quickly interrupted by his Comlink going off.

“What is it R2?” Anakin asked quizzically.

After a few whirs and beeps, R2-D2 began to relay a transmission from Obi-Wan Kenobi.

“Anakin, the council has requested your audience to give a progress report. Our troops are spread thin and you may be reassigned to another planet that has more pressing needs,” the transmission said.

“Well Ashoka, looks like we are going back to Corosaunt,” Anakin said, his mind already beginning to think of a way he could sneak away with his wife, Padme.

Ashoka quickly asked, “Anyway we can stop at the base first? I uhh… want to check up on the troopers,” improvising the last part as she couldn’t think of a better reason as to why she would want access to the base before leaving.

“You know the council doesn’t like to be kept waiting, and we are already far enough away from Corosaunt as it is. We need to get going,” Anakin responded in a more serious tone.

Ashoka nodded, but still did not agree with the decision. They both exited the gunship as quickly as they entered it and headed toward his star fighter which R2-D2 piloted and landed right next to them. Ashoka mind wandered as she began to think of how long the trip would be while she got into the gunner’s seat.

The ship began its assent above the atmosphere of the planet.

“Master---” Ashoka began, before being cutoff for a second time today.

“No, it’s my fault, I should have gotten to your position quicker. I just didn’t think those beasts would take so long to take care of,” Anakin interjected, as he believed Ashoka wanted to continue their discussion about the battle. Her losing nearly all her men wouldn’t sit well with her and wanted to comfort her.

“No, it’s not that. I was just wondering how long it’ll take until we are there.” Ashoka asked, embarrassed.

“What? Uh… just, give it a little. We are in hyperspace. You miss the battlefield already?” Anakin asked, curious of his Padawan’s excitement.

“No, it’s just that I need to use a restroom,” Ashoka admitted sheepishly.

Anakin chuckled before responding, “Come on now Ashoka, you are a Jedi.”

“Knock it off, I was just asking,” Ashoka said rolling her eyes.

The way the seat of the gunner was made, there was little room for Ashoka to move around. She tried crossing her legs but wasn’t able to with the console of the gun right ahead of her. She sat back, biting her lip as she could feel her bladder filling.

To take her mind off her situation, she closed her eyes and began replaying the skirmish she had just taken part in. She thought of ways she could have improved her strategy, trying to run different scenarios in her head. She felt as if she had failed her troops, and they were now dead.

Anakin could sense the distress felt by his Padawan. He figured it would be better for her to figure this out herself, there was little more he could say. The starfighter continued its path towards its destination.

As the starfighter exited hyperspace, Ashoka grinned as she recognized the large planet ahead of her.

“Finally,” she thought to herself.

Anakin calmly piloted the ship towards the Jedi temple. Ashoka on the other hand could not keep still. Her right leg was constantly bouncing up and down. She longed to cross her legs, cursing the gun console ahead of her. She could already picture herself getting off this starfighter and sprinting straight to the bathroom.

Corosaunt was busy as always, with speeders going in seemingly every direction. Different alien species filled the air around them. Once the ship landed, Anakin quickly got out of the cockpit. He got Ashoka’s attention immediately.

“Come on, we are already late,” he said as he began to hurry into the Jedi Temple.

“Master! Master wait I need…” she realized she was talking to no one as Anakin had already walked away. She got out of the gunner’s seat and immediately felt her need to pee increase. She crossed her legs tightly and she put out a hand on Anakin’s starfighter to support her. R2-D2 beeped and whirred.

“Very funny R2,” Ashoka said through gritted teeth.

The temperature was cooler on Corosaunt and Ashoka preferred that from the hot planet she had just returned from. It also helped the air wasn’t filled with the smell of blood and death.

As Ashoka began to catch up with Anakin, she had to stop to cross her legs. She hoped no other Jedi would see her like this, clearly bursting to go to the bathroom. She was supposed to be a Jedi, a noble being, not some girl who couldn’t control her bladder.

Anakin looked back to see his Padawan awkwardly standing still, legs crossed tightly and face scrunched in concentration.

“Let’s go Ashoka, we need to present to the council!” Anakin said, resuming his speed walk.

Once she finally felt the wave of desperation pass, she began to run to catch up to Anakin. She knew running wouldn’t help but she also knew that she had to catch up to her Master. Once she reached his side, she realized she had no other choice and her right hand shot down to her crotch to help her keep in the pee that was trying to escape her body.

“Well, looks like you weren’t kidding huh,” Anakin said as he gave a funny look to his desperate Padawan.

Ashoka walked, trying to keep her legs as close together as possible. She looked longingly to her right, as she knew that the corridor led to a bathroom. Of course Anakin had to be running late. Her right hand squeezed hard, doing everything it could to prevent Ashoka from having an accident.

“Let’s just get this over with,” Ashoka said breathlessly as they approached the council chamber doors.

Anakin just stood, staring at Ashoka, who was now bobbing up and down. Her left hand had joined her right, and as she contorted her body, desperately trying not to wet herself.

“Well, what are we waiting for?” Ashoka asked as she realized Anakin was just staring at her.

“First of all, we can’t go in there with you looking like a three-year-old. Come on, compose yourself!” Anakin exclaimed, although he did feel bad for his Padawan.

Ashoka knew he was right, and she slowly removed her hands from her crotch. She felt as if her need to urinate doubled almost immediately. She groaned, but quickly stopped as she didn’t want to draw any attention to herself. Anakin walked into the chamber, and Ashoka managed to follow him as she awkwardly walked behind him.

Jedi Masters filled the room, each one seated as Ashoka and Anakin walked toward the middle of all of them. She felt all the eyes of the Jedi Masters close in on her and Anakin as they were now the center of attention. There was no chance for her to do anything more than cross her legs in front of this audience.

“Ah, Skywalker. Late again I see,” Master Windu said from his seated position.

“I apologize but our scouting mission took a little longer than expected.” Anakin explained as he bowed respectfully. He looked over at Ashoka and watched her attempt to bow, which she wasn’t able to do at all in her current state.

“We were met with resistance and were forced to engage in battle. I believe if we are able to reinforce our position with more troops, we should be able to eliminate the Separatist presence,” Anakin said, trying to summarize quickly.

“Interesting, but today I would like to see your padawan provide a battle summary. It will be a good indication if your teaching has been effective,” Windu said in response to Anakin.

Ashoka looked over to Anakin, her eyes full of panic. She had her legs tightly crossed and was doing her best to focus all her attention into one specific task.

“Why I am sure Ashoka would love to do that, I don’t think today is the best day. Ashoka is very…. worn out after the battle. Perhaps another time?” Anakin retorted quickly, trying to save Ashoka.

Mace Windu’s gaze switched to Ashoka, as he stared at her for a moment. Ashoka did her absolute best to stay as still as she could. Even with as hard as she was trying, it was obvious she needed to use the restroom. She kept re-crossing her legs and could not keep still for more than five seconds.

“Padawan, is this true?” Windu asked the desperate Ashoka.

“Y.. Y… Yes, Master Windu,” Ashoka managed to get out.

“In that case, use your time at the temple to rest and meditate. You will be reassigned to a new planet soon,” Mace Windu said doubtfully, not believing Anakin.

“Thank you, Masters,” Anakin said, bowing again before he left the room with Ashoka following behind. Ashoka wanted to do nothing more than make a bee line for the bathroom which stood just down the corridor she had walked past earlier. The moment they exited the council Ashoka’s hands immediately shot back down to her crotch.

“You owe me one,” Anakin said, chuckling as he watched Ashoka. She had resumed the pee-dance she was forced to stop when they entered the council.

“Haha, very funny. Well I’ll see you soon, I have somewhere to be,” Ashoka said.

She immediately began down the hall. She wasn’t able to walk very fast as she was forced to stop often to make sure she didn’t empty her bladder on the floor.

She knew the struggle was almost over as she could see the entrance to the bathroom now, she was so close. She mustered all her strength together and walked as fast as she could.

“Just a couple more feet,” Ashoka thought to herself.

She had finally reached the door. She grinned as she had finally reached the destination she had been longing for, but her satisfaction would have to wait as she heard a familiar voice calling her name. Master Yoda had seen her walking by as he was teaching younglings. She knew better than to ignore the Grand Master of the Jedi, and sadly began a slow backtrack towards the room he was in.

“Yes, Master Yoda?” Ashoka managed with a grimace on her face as she stood in the doorway of the room where a group of younglings stood, amazed to see the Padawan of the Anakin Skywalker himself. Each youngling wielded a lightsaber as they were beginning to learn the ways of handling the weapon.

Even with all of the attention, Ashoka continued her desperate pee dance, she had no choice at this point. The younglings’ amazement switched to shock and amusement as they realized the situation she was in. Master Yoda on the other hand seemed oblivious.

“Give these younglings a lesson on lightsaber combat, you can young Padawan,” Yoda said.

Ashoka was in no position for any demonstrations. Wielding a lightsaber required one of her hands, which she desperately needed somewhere else. Her hands were buried in her crotch as she continued to bounce her entire body up and down, almost pleading for Yoda to notice the predicament she was in, but to no avail.

“Ummmm, of course Master Yoda,” Ashoka said. She racked her mind to try to think of a quick trick she could do that would get her out of the room as quick as possible.

“A challenger, you have. Strong with the blade, he believes he is,” Yoda cryptically responded before a youngling walked to the front of the room.

Ashoka began to panic. There was no way she could focus enough to fight this youngling and make sure no one got hurt in her current situation.

“Ah… a duel,” Ashoka said, trying to make a joke in her desperate state.

The youngling smiled and ignited his blade, eager to test his skills. Ashoka slowly removed one hand from her crotch and immediately crouched down as a result. She could feel herself leak the moment she had removed her hand. She used her heel to assist her in containing her bladder as she crouched in front of the class. She was completely embarrassed at this point and she knew was going to piss herself if she had to continue with this fight in front of an entire class. She slowly stood up again, but both of her hands were still on her crotch and it seemed as if she was unable to remove either.

“Well, how would you like to duel me instead?” another voiced echoed from the entrance of the room.

To Ashoka’s luck, there stood Anakin. As much as Anakin liked joking around with his Padawan, he would never want to see her mortified in front of Yoda and a class of younglings.

Amazement filled the room as the students began to recognize who had just walked in, averting their attention from the girl in the room who was on the verge of peeing herself.

“Get out of here, Ashoka. I believe you have a more pressing matter to attend to,” he whispered with a grin as he watched a hunched over Ashoka with both hand in her crotch exit the room as quickly as possible.

“Thank you,” Ashoka mouthed to Anakin before desperately making her way to the bathroom.

Ashoka quickly made her way to the bathroom which now stood just a few feet away from her. She had finally made it to a toilet at last. She sighed in deep relief as she emptied her bladder. That had been a close call, too close.

As she exited, she walked back into the classroom with a look of relief on her face. She grinned as she saw Anakin messing around with the young child.

“Now, about that duel?” she asked.

Any suggestions would be greatly appreciated, thank you for reading!

