My First Story Attempt - To be continued - Page 4

Author: JMatthews1995

*076*2018-10-15 18:50

The girls finally arrived home. Soph was in a properly naughty mood and Jess' pussy was tingling. She had walked for an hour with her wet jeans rubbing against her pissy little pussy and she wanted it licked clean right now!

Jess grabbed Soph's hand and lead her to the bedroom. She threw a towel on the bed and sat down on the edge then lay down.

"I peed my jeans because of you! I think you should be the one to clean me up!"

Soph stared at Jess. She knew full well that she would enjoy licking her clean. She was starting to enjoy this whole "Pee fetish" thing Jess had. She unzipped Jess' boots and slid them off her pissy gorgeous feet. She gently kissed her soft toes and soles and then began unbuttoning Jess' jeans. She slid them down slowly revealing her beautiful little pussy. It looked so cute and Soph could see her delicate inner labia slightly on show, and glistening with wetness.

Soph took her skirt off leaving only her leggings on and then grabbed the chair from the corner of the room and sat on it normally with her legs spread open wide so she could pull it close to the bed. She took Jess' feet and placed them on the chair between her legs. The position of her feet tucked her knees up and made her legs spread open. Soph leaned in and breathed in deeply through her nose.

"You smell naughty Jess!"

"I bet yours does as well you dirty girl!"

"Damn right it does! You going to lick mine clean after as well?"

Jess nodded, then shivered as Soph slid her finger up between her slippy wet pussy slips. Soph gently massaged a little and then licked her fingers. Jess tasted good as always! Soph began massaging Jess' pussy gently working her fingers up and down Jess' puffy outer labia. It looked as though it had been chaffing quite a bit in her jeans and was slightly red. She leaned in and gently kissed up and down Jess' pee scented lips.

She felt Jess wiggle her toes. She had slid them forwards and gently pressed them against Soph's pussy through her leggings. Soph was turned on instantly! Jess' pissy little toes tickling her pissy little pussy! How could that not feel good?!

She placed a finger on each of Jess' wet lips and spread them open. She saw her engorged clit, her delicate little pee hole that Jess had forced to fight a huge flow of pee, and her pleasure hole. She gently slid her finger over Jess' cute little pee hole.

"Naww your poor little pee hole must have been quivering earlier hun" She said as she massaged it.

"It really hurt trying to stop that flow Soph! I think it deserves a kiss the poor thing!"

Soph leaned in and gently started kissing and sucking Jess' pee hole. As she did she felt a little spurt of pee leak into her mouth. She continued kissing and then ran her tongue around the pissy little hole gently massaging it. Jess was squirming.

"Does it taste nice Sophie? It's been all pissy for a whole hour and a half!"

"So so so yummy Jessie!" She press the tip of her tongue onto Jess' little hole and felt it slide very slightly in, and then another little spurt of pee escape. "Yum!"

Jess was in heaven at this point. It was obvious her girlfriend was starting to properly enjoy her dirty little pee fetish. Soph started focusing her tongue on Jess' throbbing pissy little clit. Faster and faster she licked. Jess concentrated on her feet and got into a rhythm of massage for Soph's little wet pussy through her leggings. Soph then stopped licking. She stood up and pulled her leggings down slightly, sat back down and then grabbed Jess' foot and slid it between her legs. She continued licking Jess and started humping her pissy pantie covered pussy against Jess' wet foot. Faster and faster she licked and faster and faster she humped. Jess was squirming like crazy, huge waves of pleasure over coming her. Soph was close to orgasm too. It wasn't going to take much to make her orgasm after today's antics!

Jess spasmed and felt her pussy release. A huge spurt of pussy juice sprayed into Soph's mouth. She swallowed! Soph instantly came as well spraying pussy juice all over Jess' beautiful bare foot. Then she struggled like crazy to contain her bladder! She wanted to save what pee was in her for when Jess was licking her stinky dirty pussy later!

*079*2018-10-20 14:08

Soph was sat with a soaked pair of squirt filled leggings on with Jess' feet underneath. Jess had already orgasmed and squirted in her mouth as well and now Soph wanted her sopping wet pussy licking clean. Little did Jess know that Soph would be emptying her bladder into her mouth as well!

Jess was still lay on the bed panting in exhaustion. She lifted one of her feet out from under Soph's pussy. It was soaking wet with a combination of Sophs pee from before and her squirt from now. She lifted it up in front of Soph and soph began worshipping it. She wanted to lick every last naughty bit and suck each of her gorgeous little toes. Jess lay softly moaning with pleasure as Soph's amazing tongue slid around her dripping little feet. Jess knew that her feet tasted gorgeous at this point, after all whenever she had tasted Soph's squirt she always loved it!

After Soph had worshiped both of Jess's feet she asked,

"Do you wanna eat me clean Jessie? I'm so so wet and messy down there" Her eyes fluttered and Jess couldn't say no. It was her turn to taste her girlfriends beautiful wet little pussy.

"Yes! 10000% yes!"

The girls changed places. Jess settled her naked butt onto the chair Soph had been sat on and felt Soph's pussy squirt soak her butt. She leaned forward on purpose and pressed her pussy into the puddle on the chair and slid around a little.

"Nothing beats getting sticky with your girlfriends wetness!" She thought to her self.

Soph climbed onto the bed and sat with her legs in the same position Jess had. She too wiggled her toes in her puddle on the chair which tickled Jess's naked dripping pussy. Jess gently grabbed both sides of Soph's panties and slid them down. Her pussy was glistening wet and her puffy lips were slightly red also. Jess wanted to eat it right this second. Soph decided to tease Jess slightly. She slid her hand over her pussy and gripped it, slightly closing her legs at the same time.

Jess's eyes lit up!

"Do you need to pee Soph?!" She sounded excited.

"Damn right I do! I drank so much before we went on that walk!"

Jess dived head first eating Soph's pussy. She put a huge amount of emphasis on making sure she tickled Soph's little quivering pee hole as much as she could. Every lick enticed Soph closer to orgasm and closer to peeing all over Jess. She could feel Jess' wet pussy gently sliding up and down her wet little bare feet on the chair. She knew Jess was trying to get her self off so she could squirt on her feet like she had done to Jess' earlier.

Soph's bladder was suddenly feeling really full. She was feeling close to peeing and extremely close to orgasming. Jess was amazing with her tongue! She always had been. Soph could feel it slipping between her wet little folds, sliding round and round her throbbing clit and then every now and then being pressed firmly into her spasming pee hole. Then she felt it! Her pussy released a jet of pee. Straight into Jess' mouth. Jess swallowed and continued licking.

"I'm gonna peeeeeee!" Soph shouted

"I'm gonna cum!" Jess said back before diving back between Soph's legs.

She felt Jess' pace rise. Humping faster on her soaked little feet and licking faster and faster. Soph's pussy throbbing with pleasure and desperation. Suddenly her back arched. She felt her pee hole give in and start spraying pee into Jess' mouth. At the same time she orgasmed adding to the torrent of fluid pouring out from between her legs into Jess's mouth! Then she felt her feet instantly warm up as Jess squirted for her second time all over her feet! Soph peed for around 60 seconds! Pee spraying off the bed all over Jess's pussy and her own feet on the chair, washing Jess' squirt juice off them both!

"Jesus Soph! You sure know how to make a mess!"

"I'm just so good at squirting aren't I?!" Soph smiled back. She felt like she was in heaven. Jess' mood was the same.

It was time for the girls to clean up. The place was a total mess!

*081*2018-10-22 09:27

The next week passed quickly they didn't get much chance to indulge in each other's fetish's over this week. Jess had gone to work without socks a couple of times to tease Soph when she got home, and Soph had a few days of not wiping her pussy when she peed so she could force Jess to lick her clean when she had got home but other than that it was rather quiet.

Soph decided this Saturday she was going to be really naughty for Jess however. She wouldn't even tell Jess she was being naughty until it happened either so it would be a big surprise.

Her first naughty surprise would be that she had peed her panties, and kept them on without even telling Jess she was doing it. The second naughty surprise was that she was going to pee.... On Jess.... whilst sitting on her lap! Soph was getting excited. She was starting to really enjoy pee fetish fun and she was hoping Jess would be impressed with her naughtiness!

The girls woke up around 9am. They showered and went about their normal morning routines. Jess was going out today shopping with some friends. That would give Soph time to get her self all wet and yummy for Jess' return. Soph kissed Jess goodbye and then set about getting ready for her naughty day.

The first thing she had to sort out was what she was going to wear! At the end of the day she couldn't go around the house leaving little wet patches wherever she sat. She thought carefully about her clothing and then finally picked her outfit.

She slipped on a cute pair of black lacey panties. She knew these would get lovely and wet but not hold too much pee. Then she slid into a pair of thick black leggings, and then finally slipped her cute leather skirt up. This would protect anything she sat on from cute little wet bum prints. Finally for her own pleasure she slid her delicate bare feet into a pair of converse. Just because she wanted to get her cute little toes all hot and warm to make Jess suck them.

As soon as she was dressed she went for her 2nd pee of the day. She didn't want to do her morning pee in her panties as it was always too strong and scented for her liking. She pulled her skirt down, slipped her leggings down and settled onto the toilet seat. She looked at her little pussy partially hidden behind her lacy panties.

"It's going to be a dirty day for you today cutie. Don't worry though! Jess will lick you clean later" She thought to her self as the first trickle of pee splashed into the toilet. Her panties didn't hold much pee at all but that was good in her mind as she didn't want to be soaking wet all day. She just wanted to have a pissy stinky pussy for Jess to eat later. The last few drips fell from her wet panties. She shook a little to release any more big drips and then stood up. As she stood her legs closed together and it pressed her wet panties tighter against her pussy. She shivered a little and smiled. How naughty was she being!! As she slid her leggings up she pulled them up really tight. The fabric formed a slight camel toe and she felt the wet panties press up between her pussy lips and against her clit.

"No wonder Jess loves this! It feels so naughty and so so good!" She thought.

She slipped her leather skirt back up and then continued with her day. She sat and played Sims for a while on the XBOX. Jess had always loved this game and Soph was now sure that the fact she could make her sims wet them selves was part of her enjoyment.

3 hours passed. Sophs bladder was full again and it was time to re-soak her dirty little pussy. She had been sat with her feet up and her legs crossed over each other for most of the last 2 hours so her damp little panties didn't get much chance to dry. She was tingling a bit down below as well and getting excited to re-warm her private area.

She stood in front of the toilet. Then decided against it. Soph was getting naughtier, and braver. She was going to pee somewhere else. She decided it would be in the bath! She pulled her skirt off entirely then slid her leggings down revealing her still damp panties. She could smell the faint scent of pee as she settled onto the side of the bath letting her bum hang over the edge. Then released! She heard the pee splashing down the inside of the bath and felt as the wetness spread around her yummy pussy lips! Heaven! Again!

Once again she pulled her leggings up over her still dripping panties. Her clit was tingling like crazy by now and she couldn't wait for Jess to get home so she could pee on her as well! She decided to hold her next bladder until Jess was back. If she couldn't hold it then every 15 minutes she would allow her self a 5 second pee through her panties. That way she could keep her self right on the brink of desperation and also lovely and wet down below for Jess.

By the time Jess finally arrived home Soph had filled her bladder up, and had to allow her self 3 mini-pees through her panties. She was sopping wet down below and she couldn't wait to empty her bladder all over Jess!

She sat nervously on the sofa, her pussy throbbing and tingling whilst soaking wet and her gorgeous little bare feet all sweaty with excitement. Jess walked into the living room carrying a selection of bags. She looked worn out.

"We have been EVERYWHERE!" she said as she slumped onto the sofa next to Soph.

"Sarah really knows how to shop I take it?" Soph replied

"Yup! Except she loves going round and round. I'm shattered!"

"I bet!"

Soph watched as Jess leaned forward and began undoing her Converse. She then sat in amazement as Jess slid her delicate little bare feet out of them one at a time.

"Look Soph! No socks! Wanna pamper my feet?"

"Serious! Yes I do!"

Jess spun round and placed her delicate bare feet onto Soph's leather skirt covered lap and began wiggling her beautiful toes. Soph sat massaging and gently stroking them for about 5 minutes before picking one up and gently kissing it and biting Jess's little toes. Jess giggled and lay back relaxing as she had her worn out little feet played with.

"I have a surprise for you Jess by the way"

"Really? What is it?!"

"It wouldn't be a surprise then would it?"

"Suppose not!"

Soph finished playing with Jess' beautiful little feet and then invited her into the bedroom. She had put a chair in the middle of the room. She sat Jess in the chair and then went into the bathroom.

"Close your eyes Jess! And no peaking!"

Jess nervously closed her eyes. What was Soph planning?!

Soph was getting seriously nervous. She could feel her pee hole spasming as her aching bladder pressed down on it trying to force her pee out. She slid her leather skirt off and kicked her converse off her sexy bare feet and stared at them for a few seconds.

"You just love being all hot and sweaty don't you? You naughty things! If you're lucky Jessie might lick you clean!" she thought to her self.

She walked into the bedroom. Jess had her eyes closed and was sat facing towards her. She was wearing a tight pair black leggings, and a cute t-shirt. Soph stood with one leg either side of the chair and then sat down on Jess' lap facing towards her. She slid her self as far as possible towards Jess so her pussy was basically spread fully open and near enough pressed against Jess' tummy!

"What are you doing?" Jess asked.

"SURPRISE!!!!" Shouted Soph.

Jess opened her eyes quickly. She saw Soph just sat on her, looking right into her eyes. What was the surprise? There was nothing different about her. Then suddenly she felt her pussy get much warmer! What was going on? It took her a few seconds to work out what was happening. Soph wrapped her arms around Jess and began kissing her lips. Her pee flooding out through her panties and leggings was pooling on top of Jess' closed legs. The pee soaked into Jess' leggings and down between her legs spreading quickly through her panties and soaking her pussy with Soph's pee.

"Oh wow!! Oh my god!! Soph!!! OH WOW!! OH WOW!!!!" Jess had caught on to what was happening and couldn't get a single decent sentence out. Her pussy was bathing in her girlfriends hot pee! She nearly came with pleasure just from what was happening. Soph began kissing and biting Jess' lips again as the pee continued to flow from her delicate stinky little pussy!

Jess reached around Soph and grabbed her sexy firm butt, and pulled her as close as physically possible. She felt Soph's soaked pussy press against her tummy and pee began to spread all up the front of her t-shirt as well.

The last few dribbles came from Soph's pussy and the flow subsided. Jess had closed her eyes at some point and now re-opened them. She looked extremely pleased. Soph had done well! Soph shuffled her self slightly back on Jess's legs.

"Look Jess"

Soph looked down, grabbed the front of her leggings and panties and pulled them away from her waist at the front. Jess looked down into the front of her panties and saw her gorgeous glistening wet little pussy lips. Soph had saved a little pee. She relaxed and a fresh jet of pee sprayed the inside of her panties and leggings. Jess watched in amazement as the stream sprayed out from between Soph's delicate lips and soaked into the fabric of her panties and leggings.

"This isn't the first time my cute little pussy has been wet today Jess" Soph stuttered.

"What?! Why?!" Jess questioned.

"Well, I may have let it pee these panties twice before today as well! And then 3 times really close together before you got home!"

" Oh my god! You're perfect Soph!" Jess grabbed Soph and pulled her right against her and began passionately kissing her.

"My pussy is soaked Soph!!! I can't believe I'm sat here soaked with your pee!"

"Bet you're loving it!"

"Damn right I am!"

"Oh yeah just to let you know. I have decided that you're staying in those panties for the rest of the day as well. Also I want licking clean. My poor little pussy has been wet for 8 hours now!"

Jess had no reason to argue with either of those requests! Soph was her perfect girlfriend, even if she had to lick her sexy feet every now and then!!

*083*2018-10-26 17:13

"Can I pee as well Soph?? Please?" Jess asked.

"Of course!" Soph stood up.

"What are you doing?"

"Well don't you wanna switch places?" Soph was stood with her little bare feet in her puddle on the floor and was extremely horny. She wanted Jess to pee on her!

"Are you serious?! I get to pee on you??" Jess' voice was excited.

"Well I got to pee on you. And besides, you'll be licking me clean after!" Soph winked. She took the opportunity to slide her leggings down to around her thighs. Her gorgeous little pussy was still glistening with pee. Jess was just sat staring in excitement at her girlfriends beautiful pissy pussy. She reached out and gently slid her fingers in between Soph's wet lips.

"You're sopping wet soph!"

"Bet you can't wait to lick me clean!"

Jess nodded. She gently massaged Soph's wet lips with her fingers then took them away and licked them clean. They tasted good! Jess stood up her feet in her puddle. Soph looked down and Jess wiggled her toes around in the pee then leaned forward and kissed Soph on the lips. Soph settled down onto the wet seat and felt the cold pee soak into the bum of her leggings. The cold pee wicked up into her panties and she could feel it re-soaking her delicate little pussy. Jess then settled onto Soph the same way Soph had sat on her. She pulled her self as tight as possible against Soph pressing her spread pussy hard against Soph's mons.

She started kissing Soph. Suddenly there was a delicate hissing noise. Jess' eyes widened and Soph suddenly felt the hot pee flowing down between her legs soaking her delicate pussy yet again! Jess stopped peeing and stood up. She pulled her Soph's leggings down to around her thighs and then took her own leggings completely off. She then re-settled back onto Soph's lap, her now naked pussy directly pointing at Soph's naked pussy.

Jess put her hand on her pussy and spread her wet lips apart revealing her delicate naked pee hole. She aimed as best she could and released a powerful hot jet of pee directly at Soph's naked pussy. She was a good aim and managed to spray it directly at Soph's throbbing clit!

"Holy hell that feels good!" Soph shivered with pleasure as the jet of pee tickled her.

TBC

*086*2018-11-10 13:31

It's been a while since I wrote another section of this so I will attempt to do one tonight or tomorrow some time I'm thinking a Saturday pee holding contest

*087*2018-11-10 17:34

It was 07:30 on a Saturday. The two girls hadn't had much naughty fun for a while due to other commitments. Soph was awake first and was determined to have naughty fun today. She wanted to treat Jess to a naughty pee day and planned to have a proper pee holding contest against Jess.

"Jess, you awake?"

"Well now I am! What time is it?" She huffed and rolled over. She was never a morning person.

"7:30 sweety. I woke up and can't get back to sleep" Soph snuggled up to Jess and wrapped her arm around her. Jess stirred, rolled over and returned her cuddle.

"Do you wanna have some pees fun today Jess?" Soph asked

"Really?!"

"Yeah. We haven't done anything naughty for like 2 weeks"

"I'm definitely up for that! What you think?"

"I wanna beat you in a pee holding contest. Winner gets a day of their own pleasure whether they can do what they want and make the other do whatever they want for them"

"You won't win! Deal" Jess replied.

The girls both got up and showered. They made a deal that they would both pee at the start of the contest and then drink the same amount all the way through the challenge. Jess went to sit on the toilet to pee.

"Oi! You're not getting a head start!" Soph joked. Jess sat holding her pee in on the toilet and watched as Soph settled her naked butt onto the side of the bath.

"OK now you can pee" Jess watched as Soph relieved her self into the bath at the same time as she was peeing into the toilet. They both finished at near enough the same time.

"Dare you not to wipe Soph!" Joked Jess, she watched as Soph slid her leggings up over her dripping pussy. She was so relaxed about pee now compared to how she was when Jess first bought it up. Jess shook a little then pulled her panties and jeans up over her still damp pussy and Soph smiled at her.

"That's the driest it will be all day Jess, You're gonna end up soaked way before I do!"

"Ooooh fighting talk!"

"That's right! It's gonna be easssyyyy, You know how huge my bladder is, you even said you were surprised at it!"

"Bring it on!"

The girls settled down to watch a bit of tv and have a nice cup of tea at around 8:15. They had showered, peed and got dressed.

Soph was wearing a pair of black leggings, a baggy Tishri, and a jumper and a pair of super comfy fluffy slippers to keep her toes warm.

Jess was wearing a pair of tight blue jeans, fluffy socks, and a jumper as well. Winter was definitely setting in.

As they drank their lovely big cups of tea they both knew full well that it would be causing their poor bladder to be begging for relief in no time!

"Wanna go out for some breakfast Soph?"

"Of course!"

She watched as Jess hurried into the hall way, she pulled her socks off and slid her gorgeous bare feet into her fur lined ankle boots, she looked up at Soph and winked.

"Your feet are so hot Jess! I wanna suck your little toes!"

"If you win you can do whatever you want with my cute little feet" Jess smiled again.

Soph slid her fluffy slippers off and put her high top converse on her dainty bare feet as well, and they both headed down to the local cafe.

When they arrived Jess ordered a mug of tea, and Soph ordered a large coffee. She knew she would regret it later, but she wanted to make Jess know she was serious about getting desperate!

They sat and ate their breakfasts. Slowly sipping on the fluid that would soon be making them beg for relief! Whenever Soph took a sip Jess would smile she knew she was getting turned on already at just the thought of seeing Soph getting desperate.

They finished breakfast and their drinks and headed back home. Soph decided that she wanted to watch a film and asked Jess to join her. She wanted to keep a close eye on Jess to make sure she was drinking as much as she was! She was getting really rather competitive when it came to pee fun! They settled down on the sofa and began watching the film. It was around 9:30 by now and both girls had already drank at least half a liter! Jess was loving how this day was panning out already! Just as the film was about to start Soph hurried off and came back holding two bottles of lemonade. She was really getting the fluid in fast!

By half-way through the film both girls had finished their 500ml bottles taking their intake up to a full liter each! They could both feel their bladders filling and Jess was getting more excited.

"Can't wait to see you soak your self Soph! There is no way that little pussy of yours is stronger than mine at holding! You know your self how strong my pee hole muscles are!"

"Oh trust me sweety! These last 2 weeks I have spent loads of time each day training my little pee muscles! Plenty of keegal exercise's for me!"

"You serious?!"

"Yup! The other day I was doing it for like an hour! You have no chance!"

Jess was a little worried by this! She hadn't been doing anything and the last two weeks she had been peeing whenever she felt the slight need. She knew she was out of practice!

Another 30 minutes of the film passed when Soph disappeared. She came back yet again with another drink. This time an apple juice. She reckoned it was around 300ml, and she knew full well it was at this point that hers and Jess's bladders were officially past their limit of holding. Jess was already feeling the urge but gulped down her juice as Soph drank hers.

"I dunno about you Jess but I'm feeling fine. I could go all day!"

Jess looked worried

"Urmm yeahh. Me too!" 2 weeks of not holding her pee at all had softened her. She knew it was probably all in her head but Soph's confidence was worrying her, and she knew it was making her feel more desperate than she was.

By the time the film finished Jess was feeling the urge quite badly. She had drank 1.3 liters and hadn't peed for 3 and a half hours! She watched as Soph hurried off into the kitchen, again returning with a glass of juice!

"Drink up Jessy! I know you're loving this!"

She watched as Jess drank, as she leaned back Soph saw the bulge of Jess' bladder stick out slightly.

"Oh wow Jess! That bladder looks like it's filling nicely!"

"Ohh, nahh that's how it always looks" She said worrying. Soph's tummy didn't seem as stretched as hers had become!

"I think it's time we went for a nice walk Jess! Burn off that breakfast we had!"

She went into the hallway and again slid her cute bare feet out of her slippers and into her converse. Jess did the same with her ankle boots, and they headed out.

The girls had been walking for 30 minutes and it was nearly 12:30. The cold autumn air was making their urges much more serious and Soph knew Jess was struggling. She was feeling the urge rather highly now but was determined as ever to outlast Jess! She wanted to see her sexy girlfriend pee her jeans in public!

"When are we going back Soph? It's rather cold out here!"

"Hmmm I think we will be back in 30 minutes cutie. How's your bladder doing?" She giggled as she asked.

"It's fine! I'm just chilly"

Soph agreed, but she could tell Jess was really struggling. The last 15 minutes of the walk Jess was noticeably squirmy. Soph's pussy was tingling with desperation as well, but she just kept forcing her pee hole to re-clamp and totally ignored her own desperation choosing to focus wholly on Jess' need for relief.

"Gotta pee cutie?" she teased. Jess stood up straighter and began walking more normally. Each step was a risk as her poor little pee hole was no longer getting the same squeezing pressure of her strong thighs.

"Nope! I'm fine. Just cold!"

By the time they reached home it had been 4 and a half hours since they had both peed, and they had both finished 1.7 liters of fluid! Jess' need was obvious. Somehow Soph was maintaining her composure. She was good at hiding desperation. She always had been.

As they entered the house Soph watched as Jess kicked her boots off and struggled to put her fluffy socks back on. She noticed her physically grab her self through her jeans. She knew she was really struggling. As Soph bent down to take her own converse off she felt her bladder spasm. She instantly had to grip her pussy through her leggings. She hadn't realised just how desperate she was getting her self!

"Ooooh gotta pee Sophie?" Jess teased.

"Nahh! I just like holding my pussy!" Soph said back jokingly.

Jess suddenly gasped. Soph quickly looked up to see Jess stood with her hand pressed firmly between her legs.

"Did you leak?!" Soph asked with excitement

"No! Just really getting hard to hold! How are staying so composed?!"

"Trust me, I'm struggling as well Jess! My pussy is twitching like crazy!"

Jess' eyes widened. She took her hand away and revealed a little dark patch between her legs.

"Oh my god! Jessie!!! Stop it! Stop it now!" Soph shouted. Jess fought against her bladder focusing every ounce of strength she had on her pee hole muscles eventually stopping the flow. She looked up at Soph with a worried expression.

"I, I, I didn't think I was that desperate Soph" She muttered.

"Hold it Jess! I look composed but I'm sweating like mad and I don't think I can hold out much longer my self!" Soph had taken to encouraging Jess. She was enjoying this desperation too much!

Soph settled onto a chair. Her pussy was really struggling by now, and she slid her hand down the front of her leggings and physically squeezed her pussy. It felt so good gripping her naked little flaps, and she even slid her fingers over her throbbing clit a few times as she sat watching Jess squirming holding her wet pussy in front of her.

Jess walked over to Soph and straddled her on the chair. She knows full well she won't be able to hold out much longer and when she finally did give in she wanted to make sure Soph got a good soaking as well! Soph didn't move her hand from inside her leggings opting to squeeze her delicate pussy even tighter! She felt her fingers pressing tight into her pee hole and was determined to make sure it was plugged nice and firm!

It was only a minute after Jess had sat on her lap that Soph heard her gasp.

"Oh Noooooo! Soph I can't stop it!!!" Soph could hear the hissing of pee and within seconds she felt Jess' pee flooding through into her leggings and soaking her hand that was between her legs. Jess wrapped her arms around Soph and pulled her self close to her kissing her neck and gently biting her ears as she relieved her self in her Jeans. She peed for what felt like forever she must have peed for at least 60 seconds! Soph was sopping wet, her legs and pussy drenched in Jess' hot pee! She flicked her slippers off her feet and splashed her bare feet around in the hot pee puddle on the floor.

"Jess you really had to go bad didn't you"

"So bad Soph! I felt like my bladder was going to explode!"

"I'm still feeling the same!" She replied with a quiver in her voice. "My pee hole can't hold out much longer Jess!"

Jess stood up. She pulled Soph up out of the seat and sat her self down on it.

"Sit on me Soph" Soph settled onto Jess' lap instantly. She straddled her self over Jess facing towards her and then re-gripped her aching pussy.

"You can pee Soph! But only for 15 seconds. I have decided"

Soph looked worried. She knew it would be hard to stop, but she was determined to make Jess as horny as possible. If that meant she had to torture her pussy and bladder then so be it!

She began to relax and instantly felt her pee start flooding out into her leggings. Jess quickly grabbed the front of her leggings and pulled them away from her waist, so she could watch her gorgeous pussy relieving its self.

Jess began counting down. She was getting seriously horny as Soph's warm pee drenched her own already pissy pussy.

"3, 2, and 1! Stop!" Jess watched Soph's pussy closely as she attempted to stop the flow. She could see her pussy twitching as her muscles attempted to clamp. After what felt like forever she saw the flow subside. She looked up at Soph. She was visibly sweating.

"My god that hurt Jess"

"Thank you cutie! I get so turned on when I get to control your relief!" Jess snuggled Soph and kissed her.

"Lets go for a walk!" She blurted out. "I wanna see how long you can keep holding Soph!"

Soph not wanting to disappoint agreed. Why was she doing this?!! Her pussy was begging for relief, and she had agreed to go for a walk!

"Go and grab me some clothes Jess. I need to stay here and gain some composure back!"

Jess hurried off. Soph watched as Jess created a load of little pissy foot prints across the floor.

She returned with what she was sure would be the most secret wetting clothes she could find. A pair of fishnet tights, and a leather skirt. She had come back with a pair of black leggings for her self as well.

Soph watched as Jess peeled her soaked jeans off pulling her sopping wet socks off at the same time. Her beautiful feet were glistening with hers and Soph's pee. Soph just wanted to suck her dainty wet little toes! Jess was horny as hell, her pussy was sopping wet with both her and Soph's pee and that turned her on like crazy. She decided against changing her panties and instead just slid her leggings up over her pissy panties. Soph watched as Jess shoved her soaking wet bare feet straight into her ankle boots.

"You can lick my soaking little feet clean when we get back Soph" Soph's eye lit up.

Jess handed Soph her fresh clothes and watched as she struggled to pull her soaked leggings off. She kept re-gripping her pussy she slid her hand down her panties and gripped her self tightly. Jess felt slightly harsh making Soph go out for a walk knowing her pussy was struggling this much, but she was a horny mess and all shame went out the window!

Before Soph had managed to get her fish nets on Jess squatted down in front of her. She grabbed either side of Soph's wet panties and slid them down to her thighs. She stared at Sophs hand that was firmly gripping her delicate wet pussy.

Jess gently grabbed Soph's wrist and pulled her hand away revealing her gorgeous pussy still glistening with pee. She leaned in towards Soph and gently kissed her pissy pussy. She slid her tongue gently between Soph's flaps and tickled Soph gently.

"Stop Jess!!! Stop!!! I'm gonna peeeeee!" Quivered Soph. Jess leaned back and watched as Soph grabbed her naked quivering pussy tight. She pulled Soph's panties back up for and then grabbed her fishnets. Soph lifted her foot out of the huge pee puddle and slid it into the ends of the fishnets that Jess had scrunched up. She did both feet and Jess grabbed the waist and pulled them up her legs. She then slid Soph's skirt up for her as well allowing Soph to focus entirely on holding her pee!

Jess placed Sophs converse in front of her and helped her slide her soaking wet little feet into them. She knew full well she would be worshiping those beautiful wet feet when he finally got home!

"I can't wait to lick those soaked little feet clean when we get back Soph!" Jess exclaimed. Soph blushed with excitement.

The girls left the house. Soph was nervous as hell and could feel her bladder throbbing in her tummy. The leather skirt was a serious restriction when it came to holding as she couldn't get a good grip on her pussy with it getting in he was!

10 minutes into the walk Jess spotted someone up ahead coming the other way.

"Shit! Soph! It's Laura! She's seen us! Don't panic sweety! She won't notice we have peed. Just focus on holding it in hun! Whatever you do, don't wet your self in front of her!"

Soph's mind was all over the place! How was she going to hold?! How long would Laura hang around?!

Laura started chatting to both the girls. Soph could hardly speak she was focusing so hard on her delicate quivering pussy!

"I'll join on your walk if you don't mind Jess? We have a lot to catch up on"

Jess didn't want to look suspicious.

"We are only going up to the park and back it won't be long. Probably not worth it. We could meet you tomorrow for food if you like"

"Oh I can't do tomorrow Jess. I don't mind a short walk catch up"

Jess looked at Soph. She could see in her eyes that she was scared. She gave her a quick empathetic glance then turned back to Laura. She didn't want to annoy her best friend.

"Okay then we better hurry up it's rather cold"

The three girls walked quite briskly for the next 15 minutes. Jess kept looking at Soph who had gone very quiet. Her eyes were seriously giving hints that she was about to wet her self. Jess was starting to feel really guilty about putting her gorgeous girlfriend through what must be a total nightmare for her. She couldn't help but feel seriously horny because of it though!

It was about the half-way point in their walk. Jess and Laura were chatting away loudly, laughing and joking. Soph had slowed down and was in serious need of relief. Her pussy was twitching, and she knew it wouldn't be long until she burst! All she could think about was what Laura would say if she wet her self in front of her!

The last 10 minutes of the walk were agonizing for Soph. Every step she took was painful and her bladder was seriously bulging out of her tummy! Each step she took jiggled her bladder and brought her closer to wetting!

They reached their house. Laura wouldn't stop talking! She just went on and on about work and friends. Soph felt her bladder spasm and a huge spurt sprayed into her panties. Somehow she managed to clamp the flow off! She had no idea how she had done it!

"Jess, can I have the house keys. I have gone to the toilet" She grabbed Jess' wrist to re-enforce the urgency.

Jess fumbled about in her bag knowing full well her gorgeous girlfriend was probably already wetting her self under her skirt. She passed the keys to Soph and watched as she struggled to get the key into the door.

Laura carried on talking totally ignoring Soph's struggles. Soph burst through the door into the house. She hurried into the dining room where they had wet before and sat on the damp chair. She removed her skirt and jammed her hand tightly into her pussy, determined to hold until Jess came back in.

Every minute that passed Soph's urgency grew. Her poor pussy was being squeezed so tight by her hands that she was actually starting to hurt her self. She was horny as hell and wanted to make her girlfriend proud. She felt her bladder spasm and felt a spurt of pee spray into her hand. Again she had no idea how she stopped the flow!

She heard the door start opening. She looked up quickly to see Jess hurrying in.

"Omg Soph! I'm so sorry!! You must have been so desperate and scared" She ran over and hugged Soph.

"I. I still am Jess!" Whimpered Soph.

"Are you serious?!! You waited for me?!"

"Mhmmm" Soph nodded. Talking was way too difficult when she was as desperate as she was.

"Pee sweety!! Your poor bladder, oh my god, and your poor pussy having to hold it all back!" Jess' clit was throbbing like crazy! She was so so proud and impressed by Soph.

Soph stood up, her hand still firmly squeezing her sopping wet pussy. Instantly she burst. Her pee started spraying out in a huge flow flooding down her sexy legs and filling her converse within 10 seconds! It was like watching a waterfall. Jess was mesmerized for 30 seconds or so before finally deciding what she wanted to do. She grabbed Soph's panties and fishnets and pulled them down revealing Soph's peeing pussy. She watched as the pee flooded from between Soph's red flaps. Then leaned in and began kissing and licking her peeing pussy. She licked and licked for what felt like forever as Soph's huge bladder emptied itself through her dainty worn out little pee hole.

"Oh my god that feels better!" Soph exclaimed

"Your poor pussy Soph! It looks all red"

"I have never gripped my self so hard in all my life!"

"I feel bad making you hold so long Soph! I'm so sorry!"

"Don't be sorry Jess. It wasn't your fault Laura showed up!"

"That's true! Can I make you come Soph?"

"Yes! Yes! Definitely! My poor pussy needs all the attention it can get after that torture!"

Jess sat Soph back down on the chair and spread her legs wide. She began licking and kissing ever last bit of Soph's stinky pissy pussy. Jess was in heaven and soon Soph would be too. Jess could hear Soph wiggling her toes around in her pee filled converse. She backed away from her pussy and pulled Soph's converse off and began worshiping her soaking wet beautiful feet then went back to her pussy. It didn't take long to make Soph squirt in her mouth after a good foot worship!

*089*2018-11-17 15:40

It was a week since their last naughty fun. In that time the girls had headed on holiday to a beautiful little villa that they had hired in Mexico. Jess loved holidays where they had loads of privacy, they could have more fun together when they weren't surrounded by families and kids!

It was the morning of the 3rd day in paradise. The girls had decided to spend the day just relaxing around the villa, reading, sun bathing and generally chilling out. After breakfast both girls showered then got dressed into their bikinis. They both wanted to get a good tan so a one piece was out of the question for them both!

"You always look so hot in a swimsuit Jess!" Soph exclaimed.

"So do you! I wanna pull those bottoms down right now!" Jess replied.

The two girls giggled and settled down on the sun loungers that were in the garden of the villa. They were next to the pool and the whole garden was well secluded and hidden from view of any near by villas, just as Jess had made sure of when booking it.

They relaxed for around an hour, barely talking, just indulging in their books and absorbing the morning sunlight. Soph suddenly heard a noise. It was a gently hissing noise. She looked over at Jess who hadn't moved at all.

"Seriously Jess?!" She exclaimed as she saw Jess' pee splashing through the sun lounger material and onto the grass below.

"What?! I needed to pee!"

"Not in your bikini you didn't you dirty girly!!" Jess could tell Soph wasn't fussed, she was clearly just winding her up.

"Well I couldn't be bothered to get up. Oh well, looks like it's going to be a naughty day for me!"

Jess had hardly moved during the whole pee and was still sat comfortably reading her book, only now with a wet bikini clinging to her little pussy lips. Soph quite enjoyed the thought that Jess was so relaxed about wetting, she felt that it showed just how naughty and kinky her girlfriend really could be. Most people after peeing their selves would hurry to change. Not Jess, she just loved being dirty!

"It'll dry soon enough Soph! It's very breathable fabric" Jess smiled and Soph gave her a smile back.

Another hour passed. Both girls were repeatedly getting up to fetch drinks. Again Soph heard the naughty hissing noise.

"Jess are you serious?! It's only been like an hour!"

"My bikini was getting dry. They're made to be wet Soph!" She teased.

"Yeah with water! Not your dirty pee Jess!"

Jess didn't even reply. She just giggled and shuffled around a bit getting her self more comfortable.

"You're going to be so stinky Jess, you know that?"

"Yup! I plan to be! I don't get re-wetting chances this perfect very often!"

"Fine! But I'm not licking you clean!" Soph replied.

"Deal" Said Jess.

"In fact, you can lick me clean. Every pee you do now I am going to do as well! And at the end of the day Jess, you're going to lick me clean!"

"Are you serious? You think you can keep up with my naughty re-wettings do you?!" Jess questioned.

"Try me" Soph replied as Jess heard a quiet hissing noise coming from Soph. Jess looked down and saw a torrent of pee flooding through the sun lounger under Soph and into the grass. "I'm gonna end up so pissy if you keep up your dirty fun Jess!"

"I can't believe you're going to try and re-wet like I do you dirty thing! You're dainty little pussy is going to be a sopping wet mess by the end of the day"

"Bring it on!" Soph said as she winked.

Another hour passed. Jess decided she would test Soph. She relaxed and instantly felt her hot pee flood into her cold bikini bottoms warming them up considerably. As soon as Soph had heard the hissing noise she had responded, peeing her bikini next to Jess.

"You really are committed to his now aren't you Soph?"

"Yup! Can't wait to make you lick me clean at the end of the day!"

Jess knew now the more naughty she was the dirtier he girlfriend would get and the hornier she would get her self! Throughout the rest of the day Jess consistently continued to pee her bikini over and over. Every time Soph responded by soaking her own bikini as well and then showing Jess how wet her dainty pussy was!

"You're not gonna out do me Jess. I will pee whenever you do I don't mind making my pussy all stinky cus I know you'll be licking it clean!"

"You've definitely surprised me Soph I will give you that!"

Soph came up with a very naughty idea.

"As soon as these have dried enough I think we should go and get some food. What do you think?"

"What in our damp bikinis?!"

"Yeh, just put some dark shorts on over them or something. You're used to walking around in public with a pissy pussy anyway Jess!"

"Yeah but not after I have spend like 9 hours in pissy panties getting all stinky I haven't"

"Well this will be a nice first for you then!" Teased Soph.

TBC

*091*2018-11-18 14:43

The girls allowed their bikinis plenty of time to dry. They headed back into the villa and found some appropriate shorts. Jess found a lovely deep dark blue pair, Soph opted to go for a skirt instead. Both girls put on a pair of little ballet flat style shoes.

They headed off into the town, the whole time the damp bikini fabric rubbing them between their legs. Jess's clit was throbbing with excitement she couldn't wait to get her head between Soph's legs and lick her stinky pussy clean!

They found a restaurant down a little road from where their villa was. It was quite a quiet place and had a lovely outside seating area. It was perfect! The girls settled onto their metal chairs. Soph shivered a little as she settled her still slightly damp bum onto the seat. She made sure she wasn't sat on her skirt!

The table was metal framed, with a wooden top that had a large over hanging table cloth that was doing a fantastic job of hiding anything that was going on under the table!

They ordered a nice large cocktail each and a started. The drinks came quite quickly and Soph started drinking hers straight away, surprising Jess at how much she was drinking.

"Good job you wore that Skirt Soph! You'll need to pee in no time!"

"I'm glad you chose those shorts, You'll have to hold that poor little pussy of yours tight when you get desperate. No peeing in your shorts cutie!"

"I'll hold it easy!"

Jess drank a load of her cocktail as well and slouched back in her chair. She slipped one of her feet out of her ballet flats and very gently slid her foot up between Soph's legs. Soph's eyes widened and she looked surprised.

"Not here Jess! We might get seen!"

"It's fine hun no ones around! Besides, the table cloth is huge! They can't see!" Jess gently pressed her perfect toes onto the front of Soph's damp bikini and wiggled her toes. She watched as Soph shivered a little and felt her foot get clamped as Soph closed her legs tights around it. She pulled her foot away and slid her damp toes back into her ballet flats.

Their starters arrived and Jess was quick at ordering another large cocktail each.

"You're being a bit brave Jess considering you're trapped in a pair of Shorts!"

"My bladders huge Soph! I can easily hold till we get back"

"I bet you will be peeing your self as soon as we leave this place" Soph quipped.

"Nope. Bladder of steel I have Soph!"

The girls settled and ate their starters. During which they both finished off their second cocktail each. After finishing they just chatted, Soph again felt Jess' delicate bare foot start teasing her under the table. She decided to return the naughty gesture and started massaging Jess through her denim shorts. They both quickly pulled their feet away when they heard the waiter bringing over their mains and yet another cocktail!

Soph's bladder was filling fast. But she was sure she had a plan to empty it that would impress Jess. She ordered some water to the table and put her plan into action. Once again Jess started getting naughty under the table, Soph felt her soft toes gently tickling her pussy through her bikini. Suddenly Jess felt her toes get hot, Soph had sprayed a big jet of pee straight into her bikini and all over Jess' sexy foot!

"Soph!" She blurted out.

"What? I have to pee Jess!"

"On my feet though?!"

"Yup! Put it back I was enjoying that little massage!"

Jess slid her foot back between Soph's legs and continued to massage her wet pussy. Every not and then Soph would spurt another warm jet of pee all over Jess' dainty bare foot.

"You're so naughty Soph! You're gonna get us caught!"

"Switch feet Jess! I wanna pee on both of them!"

Jess did as she was told. Her own bladder by now was really starting to show signs of desperation!

TBC

*095*2018-11-19 19:39

Having peed quite a lot through her bikini Soph made sure she spilled the water she had ordered on the floor to hide the fact that pee was splashing down from between her sexy legs. Jess admired her forward thinking idea.

The girls finally finished their main meal and settled up the bill. By now Jess' bladder was really throbbing. She regretted choosing shorts over a skirt.

As they walked home Soph could see that Jess was struggling to hold. She teased Jess constantly and kept playfully tickling and pressing on her tummy. Jess could feel her pee hole quivering as it started to loose control but she managed to re-focus and clamp it off tight. Soph decided to tease her even more.

She hurried ahead slightly making sure Jess was watching, then she relaxed. Instantly the remaining 50% of her bladder came flooding out into her bikini bottoms, splashing down her beautiful legs and pouring into her ballet flats, soaking her beautiful feet.

"SOPH! Stop!! People might see!" Jess shouted.

"Noooo they won't!!!" replied Soph, sounding really rather tipsy.

The girls hurried back to the villa, spurred on my Jess's craving of relief and of Soph's soaking wet little pussy. Soph was loving stomping along with pee splashing around in her ballet flats and the wet clingy fabric tickling her wet pussy lips as she walked.

The second the girls arrived at the villa Jess' bladder gave up! She hurried through the patio gate and instantly pissed her bikini and denim shorts right in front of Soph. Soph cuddled up tight to her and intertwined her legs making sure that plenty of Jess' pee splash down them and into her shoes.

"Soph! You're so damn perfect!" Jess whispered rather drunkenly! "Can I eat you? I wanna lick you clean you dirty little mess!!" Jess grabbed Soph and pulled her into the bedroom of the villa. She pushed her onto the bed, pulled her ballet flats off and started kissing and licking both of Soph's dripping wet little feet. Soph felt her pussy tingle with excitement she wasn't used to Jess going absolutely crazy for her little feet but this time she had earned it.

Jess pulled Soph down the bed so her pussy was at the edge. She grabbed a chair and settled on it between Soph's beautiful legs. She could smell the strong scent of pee emanating from Soph's stripey bikini bottoms. They were clearly showing a yellow hue and Jess couldn't wait to get them off.

Gently she pulled them down revealing Soph's sopping wet pussy. The scent was very strong but Jess was loving it.

"You are such a stinky girly Sophie!" She teased.

"I know! I bet I'm just as tasty as well Jess!"

Jess leaned in, she used her fingers to slightly spread Soph's tingling little lips and then slowly licked right the way up between stinky little flaps.

"Yummyyyyyy!" She teased as she let Soph's lips close back together. She continued to kiss and gently sniff Soph's pussy, getting slightly more invasive with each kiss. Jess' own pussy was a throbbing pissy little mess inside her soaked shorts and bikini now and she was desperate to get her self off.

She ravaged Soph's dirty pussy for ages! Licking ever last mm of stinky pee bathed pussy. Soph was in heaven, Jess was incredible with her tongue and the fact she was licking her girlfriend clean had made her even more relentless. Every lick made Soph squirm until eventually her pussy could take it no more! A huge jet of squirt sprayed out from between her puffy flaps and straight into Jess' mouth. Jess continued to lick and forced Soph through a second orgasm rendering Soph's legs almost useless.

"You're such a shivering mess Soph!!"

"I... I can't help it!! I have never came so hard in my life Jess!"

"Good!"

Soph feeling now seriously excited wanted to see Jess orgasm too. She wasn't sure whether she'd be able to go down on a girl that had repeatedly peed her self for the last 10 or so hours though so she came up with a plan.

Soph invited Jess onto the bed. She watched as she gently crawled up and waited for her to settled next to her. She then requested Jess to take off her shorts. Within seconds Jess had pulled them off and kicked them onto the floor. Soph stared down at Jess' soaking wet bikini. Would she be brave and tolerant enough to lick Jess' pussy clean?!

She knelt down between Jess' glistening wet legs and leaned forward. She could smell Jess' bikini without even getting close. Gently she grabbed her bikini and pulled it down. Soph adored Jess' cute little pussy but it was so stinky and pissy! She pushed Jess' legs apart and slowly crawled up between them, leaning in she took a sniff of Jess' lips. The scent was very strong but she decided to brave it anyway!

Slowly she kissed Jess' sopping stinky pussy, she then licked a few times but decided that was all she could do. She was tolerant of Jess' pee fetish but she was struggling to lick a pussy that had peed it's self 7+ times over 11 or so hours!

Instead she opted for a different tactic. She decided to try scissoring. At the end of the day she would be fine having Jess' pissy pussy massaging against hers, and if all went to plan she could surprise Jess during the fun as well!

She shuffled into position, and spread her legs. Jess' eye lit up with excitement! Soph slid her self between Jess' legs and intertwined her self with them. Jess felt as Soph's wet pussy came gently into contact with her sopping wet pussy. She felt Soph gently start moving, back and forth massaging her pussy against her own pee soaked flaps. Instantly she felt her pussy throb. Jess got more and more excited and began moving her self. She was getting wetter and wetter as her pussy lubricated it's self with excitement.

"I'm gonna cum Soph!" Jess shouted. Soph showed no signs of slowing down, she pressed harder and thrust faster and faster. Jess was going cross eyed with pleasure until suddenly she was overcome with a wave of orgasmic pleasure. She sent a huge blast of pussy juice spraying out from between her legs and jetting directly all over Soph's throbbing pussy. Soph's pussy was overcome with pleasure as well and hers sent a torrent of juice back at Jess.

The girls just lay in exhaustion on the soaked bed sheets, panting as they regained their composure.

"That..... was the hottest thing.. I have .. ever .... experienced..... Soph" panted Jess

"Would have been hotter if you were licking my feet while we were at it, but I suppose it was fairly good" Teased Soph.

"Ohhh, What like this?" Jess began kissing and licking Soph's gorgeous feet. She wanted to repay Soph for her extremely pleasurable night and if that meant licking pissy feet clean then so be it!

The two girls showered together that night. They tidied up the room and then settled into the bed in the other room. They were lay side by side all comfortable when Soph straddled Jess. Soph was totally naked and Jess was wearing a pair of comfy panties. Soph began kissing Jess passionately, and when she was least expecting it, she let a big spurt of pee leak onto Jess' panty covered pussy.

"OMG SOPH!" Jess shouted with a naughty tone to her voice. "My panties are soaked!"

"Good!" Replied Soph. "Now, off to sleep you dirty girl!"

Soph climbed off Jess and snuggled up next to her. Jess, now with her pussy soaked with Soph's pee was in a seriously naughty mood. She gently put her hand between Soph's legs and massaged her soaking naked pussy as she fell asleep. What a dirty dirty day they had both had!

*097*2018-11-20 16:49

{{11 hours ago, Melificentfan said:

I absolutely loved that

}}

Thanks for consistently following and commenting :)

*098*2018-11-24 16:38

It was the morning of the first Saturday after the girls had arrived home from their Holiday. Jess was in a very frisky mood and wanted to have some naughty pee fun! She approached Soph to ask whether she would be up for some fun with her.

"Sophyyyyyy?" She said as she fluttered her eyelids

"What do you want Jess? I'm guessing pee fetish stuff!" She said jokingly

"Of course it is! I'll trade you! I'll do whatever you want foot fetish wise, name your price!"

"Depends what it is you wanna do?"

"Well..... You know we both enjoy bike rides.... and I enjoy us both getting wet.... How about, a bike ride, whilst having a pee holding contest?" She smiled cutely at Soph.

"Sounds quite fun!" Soph replied "My deal is that for the next week you wear whatever shoes I choose, and go barefoot in them whenever I demand. Oh! And whenever I want my feet worshiping you do it!"

"DEAL!" Shouted Jess.

The girls began preparing for their ride. The first priority was for them to both pee, and then begin drinking the same large amounts of fluid until both of them were feeling rather full. Their ride would then begin. Jess mapped out a route that would take them around 2 hours of steady riding but that would keep them out of busy areas and avoid main busy roads.

Both girls were wearing similar clothes, a nice bright t-shirt, a pair of thick black leggings, and for Soph's enjoyment super comfy new sneakers on their little bare feet. She had caught Jess putting her sneakers on with socks and demanded for her to remove them! If Jess was getting fetish fun then Soph wanted some for her as well!

By the time the girls decided to leave the house they had drank around 1.6l of fluids each! They were both feeling the need to pee quite a bit which made Jess very excited. They knew full well that both of them would end up peeing while they were in public, it was just a question as to which one would be doing it totally in their clothes!

They headed out down a little country lane. Then went into a forest trial. The ground was luckily hard and dry, much better than riding on slippy mud!

20 minutes or so passed, both girls were enjoying their rides. Both of them were ignoring their jiggling full bladders and just focusing on the riding. Around 30 minutes in and the huge amount of fluid was starting to become obvious for Soph. She bounced over a pothole and felt her bladder bounce around inside her tummy. She had to focus her mind on her pelvic muscles and make sure they were contracted tightly.

"Ooooh" she whimpered as the wheel dropped into the pothole.

"What was that Soph? Your bladder struggling already?"

"N...Noooo....Just...a little painful hitting that hole"

"Hold it cutie! My bladders still fine!" Jess shouted, knowing full well that hers was also throbbing for relief at this point.

Peddling was getting harder and harder. Soph was getting turned on by having hot little bare feet in her sneakers and it was causing her little pink panties to get damp. As she rode her saddle massaged her between her legs and she started to struggle to hold her pee.

"Gotta pee yet Soph?" Jess shouted from in front. By now her bladder was really starting to ache and her dainty pussy was getting a little damp because of her naughty pleasure.

"Nope! Still holding fine. How's yours?"

"F..Fine.. I think"

"Oooh you gotta pee Jessie?! Just imagine now nice relief would feel now! Letting it dribble out into your panties and be massaged all over your pussy by the saddle as you pedal!"

Jess' clit throbbed. Soph made it sound like heaven. She actually wanted to wet her self but she really wanted Soph to wet her self first.

After 40 minutes of riding both girls were really struggling with their desperation. Every bump they hit made their bladders twinge and throb with desperation. It was all too much for Soph as she bounced over a thick fallen tree brand.

"ooohh noo!!" She murmured as a big spurt off pee forced it's way out of her throbbing tortured little pee hole. She managed to re-gain control but now that her panties were wet and that the seal had been broken she knew it wouldn't be long until she was soaking her self. She looked ahead to Jess who looked to be equally desperate. She had slowed right down and had one hand between her legs. As Soph got closer she noticed that Jess was struggling more than she had thought. Jess had stopped and was stood straddling her bike, her leggings glistening with hot steaming pee. She had been leaking the last 10 minutes but hadn't told Soph and now her pee hole had entirely given up.

Jess just stood dead still as her entire bladder emptied out of her worn out pee hole, down the inside of her sexy legs and into her sneakers, soaking her sweaty bare feet with hot pee. It was at least 45 seconds of endless peeing before the flow finally subsided. She looked over her shoulder at Jess, her cheeks red with embarrassment.

"I.... My.... I.... I couldn't hold on any longer Soph! Every bump was torture!"

"You're so cute you are Jess! Look how soaked you are!" Soph replied, all the time well aware of her own quivering pee muscles.

"We have so far to go! Oh my god I'm so wet! My shoes are ruined Soph!"

"I bet they are! Bet your feet are lovely and hot now!"

"Yeah! So's my pussy! It's gonna be throbbing like crazy by the time we get home!"

"Let's hurry up Jess! I feel like I'm about to explode!"

Jess kicked off and started riding again. Every time she pressed down on the pedal she felt her hot pee pool around her soft toes and smooth soles of her feet. It was like stamping on a hot sponge every time she pedaled. Her wet panties were clinging tightly to her throbbing, pee soaked pussy. The rocking motion of pedaling was massaging her pissy panties and leggings against her throbbing clit and she was sure she would end up squirting in them if she carried on like this!

Soph was seriously struggling by now. Her wet little pussy was begging to be relieved of holding duty and she knew it wouldn't be long before it gave up entirely. She was being teased by the wet fabric of her pee damp panties tickling against her pussy the whole time! She decided to let Jess enjoy a good view. Soph stood up and pedaled quick to get in front of Jess. As soon has she had managed to overtake she stood up on the pedals and coasted gently pedaling just enough to keep moving.

It's then that Jess noticed the little wet patch on Soph's leggings. Suddenly she saw it turn into a glistening patch, it grew in size and started spreading quickly down the inside of Soph's sexy legs. Jess stayed entirely quiet just indulging in the pleasure of her own wetness and watching her perfect girl soak her self in front of her, the whole time her sexy ass rocking with the motion of her pedaling.

Jess was struggling to control an orgasm. The combination of being soaked, seeing Soph wetting her self, and picturing both of their gorgeous wet pussy's being massaged by the saddles was making her clit throb like mad!

Soph peed for what seemed like 10 minutes, the insides of both her legs were totally soaked and there was a huge trail of little pee splashes along the floor for 25 meters or so! Soph must have really really needed to pee. Soph slowed down and let Jess pull alongside.

"My feet! Are soaked!" Exclaimed Soph.

"Mine are as well! You must have been so desperate Soph! There was soooo much pee!"

"My pussy felt like it was going to give in like 20 minutes ago but I was determined to see you wet first Jess!"

"You have such strong will power Soph! I think we should hurry home, people might see us!"

The girls picked up the pace for the journey home. Neither wanted to be caught when they were both soaking wet with pee!

TBC

