The Carsis Experience Resort

Author: JungleMoon

*008*2022-07-19 03:35

I am loving all of the suggestions and will try my hardest to work them in as I work through the story! This is actually the extent to which I have pre-planned and pre-written, so from here on out, it will be mostly driven by what you all want to see. I feel like I've given you enough that you can now fully understand, build, and play in Carsis as much as you desire.

So to celebrate this milestone, here is a nice long chapter for you all!

Enjoy!

###

The tour of the facility had started off well enough.

Once they had gotten all of their luggage loaded onto the back of the golf cart, a feat made more difficult by the addition of Nadia’s extra clothing bag and Megan’s incontinence products on top of all of the normal luggage they had brought for their week away, they bid farewell to the nursing staff and left the confines of main complex and began venturing out into the rest of the campus. Though made of gravel, the road they traveled on was well packed and quite smooth, a fact both girls enjoyed immensely.

“So what do you two know about Carsis?” their tour guide asked as they crested a hill, the main villa disappearing behind the trees.

“Other than what we just learned,” Megan said, gesturing at Nadia’s stomach and her own bladder. “Nothing.”

“Alright then!” the tour guide said with a smile before turning down a small dirt path deeper into the woods. “I’ll take you to where this all began and go from there.”

The dirt path meandered through the trees, going deeper and deeper into the forest. The trickling of a stream could be heard echoing off the rocks, a fact which made Megan immediately squirm and cross her legs. It wasn’t long, though, before the path opened up to a small clearing with several small medieval styled houses arranged as though they were a homestead. Chickens roamed freely around the houses and a few barnyard animals could be heard rustling around in the hay. Birds chirped in the distance, giving the entire scene a surreal feeling.

“This is the original site of the Carsis Experience Project. It was originally designed by our founder to be a getaway from the real world where she and her friends could go to escape reality,” the tour guide said, slowly driving the girls around the cabins. “Over time, our founder found she did not just want to get away from the real world, but escape reality as a whole. An engineer and programmer by trade, she began building the technology necessary to transform this location from a simple cabin in the woods to the project as we know it today.”

Driving away from the cabins and along a different path from the one they came in on, the tour guide pointed upwards towards a complex of treehouses. Appearing as though they were floating amongst the trees, the houses themselves appeared to be occupied as flickering light revealed movement that could be seen within them. Large, floating lights danced between the trees, adding to the sense of mysticism.

“As the project grew, she knew she would need to develop it in ways which would both entice people to come in and enrich their lives. Not everyone would want to live as a simple human in a mystical world, after all. So as she opened it up to the world, she began adding different lives which could be lived.”

The tour guide continued along the path, pointing out various other structures including an entrance to a tunnel which led to an apparent dwarven stronghold, an orcish fort, and a strangely decorated nomadic tent set up which the guide explained was used for the first animatronic prosthetics.

“These prostheses were used to transform the user from a human into a centaur,” he explained as they passed. “But not just to make them look like a centaur, the founder had built technology which allowed those using it to physically feel as though they were a centaur. Those who chose to be centaurs not only looked the part, but were no longer bipedal humans. With the prosthetic on, they became functionally quadrupedal. They were centaurs.”

“But not everyone desired life in a fantasy realm,” he continued as they passed the centaur’s field and continued on towards the first homestead, a house seemingly taken from the old west prairies and dropped there. “Some wanted just a simple life. So she had more functional locations built, expanding the prosthetics she had previously designed to fit other aspects of the experience to meet customer demand and desire.”

Megan nodded but frowned as she shifted her weight around slightly. Though it had barely been 15 minutes since she had last gone to the toilet, she was beginning to feel the pressure of her bladder once more and wondered how much longer the tour would be. The nurse had told her it was a short tour, but apparently her bladder had an even shorter wait time. “So I get where some prosthetics like Nadia’s came from, but what about in my case?”

“There’s something for everyone,” the tour guide said with a wink. “And what may seem strange to one person is another person’s burning desire to experience.”

As they rounded the corner into what appeared to be a Victorian style mainstreet, Megan’s bladder suddenly spasmed leaving her gasping at the severity of it and desperately trying to prevent it from emptying right then and there. Her bladder pulsating and squeezing fiercely as she tried once more to breathe through the spasm. It was no longer a matter of she needed to go soon, it was a matter of she needed to go now.

“I’m so sorry,” she gasped out as her bladder slowly began leaking despite all her best efforts. “I need a toilet right now.”

“Ok, we’re almost to the drugstore,” the tour guide said, pointing at a building several blocks up the road.

Megan looked at it frantically, knowing that at the speed they were going she wouldn’t make it. She already had a wet patch beginning to show on her jeans and no amount of squeezing her legs would prevent her from wetting fully before they made it. As if to add insult to injury, her bladder let loose another spasm, shooting more pee into her now sodden panties and increasing the wet spot on her jeans. A desperate thought shot through her head as she jumped from the golf cart, ignoring the urine now actively spurting from her bladder, ripped her pants down, and squatted in a bush just on the side of the road.

The relief was so instantaneous, she couldn’t even try to hold it back. While the stream of urine that came from her didn’t last as long as she thought it would, it felt so good to be free of the urgency for the moment.

“Damn!” Nadia said, leaning over in the cart. “You weren’t kidding!”

“I’m so sorry guys!” Megan said, pulling her pants up as quickly as she could, her face beet red. ”I couldn’t wait.”

“It’s fine,” the tour guide said with a wave of his hand. “We’ll still stop at the drugstore so you can get cleaned up.”

“And so I can pee!” Nadia said, locking her ankles in much the same way Megan had just a few moments earlier and rubbing her stomach. “I think you gave the babies ideas.”

The tour guide chuckled and quickly drove the two girls to the drugstore, making sure to give directions on the way as to where the toilets were located.

“Toilets are located at the back of the store,” he said as they pulled up. ”There’s no key, so just walk on back.”

Both girls quickly climbed from the cart and made their way inside, Nadia pausing occasionally to cross her legs and shove her hands in her groin As the babies pressed and stretched against her bladder.

During her calibration, she had asked her nurse what were some of the more common complaints of pregnancy, hoping to rack up as many points as possible for her team. Though none of the complaints sounded great fun, she knew she needed to choose something. So she asked for a larger stomach, one she could see nothing over, a larger set of breasts which felt sore and full of milk, and a bladder bombarded by the kicks of her children.

The weight of her stomach had been resting on her legs as they drove, the feeling of the movement lulling the babies into a sleepy state, but once they stopped for Megan to pee, the kicks and movement returned full force. It felt as though one child were trying to nuzzle into her bladder itself while another stomped on it. While this hadn’t been much of a problem at the villa, her bladder was now somewhat full and each movement left her begging for release.

A kick to her bladder as she made her way through the door made her wince, a trickle of pee flowing into her panties for a second before she got it under control.

“Found them Nadia!” Megan said at the back of the store.

“Thank god!” Nadia said, picking up the pace as much as possible, her stomach swinging with each step.

As soon as she got to the door to the toilet, she tried to swing it open only to find it locked shut.

“Occupied!” A familiar voice called.

“How much longer are you gonna be?” Nadia moaned, a kick landing squarely on her bladder sending a spurt of urine into her underwear.

“I don’t know, Nad!” Tyler called back, his voice sounding slightly strangled. “Go somewhere else!”

“Dammit Tyler!” Nadia yelled, pounding on the door, her legs pretzeled together. A small wet patch was beginning to grow on her jeans. “I’m peeing my pants here!”

“Too bad! Go somewhere else!” Tyler said, something in his voice still sounding slightly off. “I gotta go too!”

Nadia pounded once more on the door to the toilet before she stepped back with a gasp, her hands flying into her crotch, desperately trying to hold the tidal wave of urine within her as a flurry of kicks landed on her abused bladder. A moan and a gasp escaped her lips as her bladder gave up, rivulets of urine running down her legs and into her shoes. She had wet herself!

“Tylerrrrr!” Nadia moaned, her cheeks flushed with embarrassment as she looked over her large stomach towards the floor.

“Tyler, god dammit!” Megan said, banging on the bathroom door as Nadia looked around frantically for something to clean up her mess with. “Nadia just pissed her pants! And I need to go too!”

“Fine! FINE!” Tyler yelled, throwing open the door as he zipped up his pants. “Fine! I’ll just pee later! Not that I don’t have to go too!”

“You can piss anywhere!” Nadia said as she shoved past Tyler and into the toilet to get cleaned up a bit and let out the last little bit of pee she had inside her.

Megan glared at Tyler as he gritted his teeth and rubbed his lower stomach. Tyler was a party boy whose claim to fame was completing any dare given to him such as writing his full name on the wall of the school in piss after getting exceptionally drunk at a house party. He was notorious amongst the seniors for threatening to do the same thing sober. No one doubted his bladder capacity or ability to do so, but some doubted he would do it again simply because he wanted it to remain a legend. Chances were he would have been the number one culprit for any urine-related pranks simply because of this and he wanted it to remain this way.

“Gives the newbs a chance to do something crazy!” he’d say with a laugh before betting someone $5 he could eat their entire slice of pizza in one bite.

“What gives?!” Megan said as the shopkeep, drawn by all the commotion, silently slid into the utility room to grab a mop.

Tyler shrugged and rolled his eyes, moving his hand away from his lower stomach and crossing his arms over his chest. “Doesn’t matter.”

“Bull!” Megan said, subtly crossing her legs as the force of her statement caused her to leak a drop into her still rather moist panties. “It does too matter!”

“How was I supposed to know what you all ended up with, huh?” Tyler growled out, shifting his weight slightly on the balls of his feet. “It wasn’t like I knew Nadia was suddenly ready to pop or that you…”

“Can hardly hold my pee?” Megan spat back. “You should have guessed, dipshit! Why else would we have stopped at a bathroom on a short tour? Why would anyone have stopped at this toilet of all toilets!”

Tyler rolled his eyes and threw his hands in the air in frustration. “Yeah Meg, why would anyone stop at this bathroom of all bathrooms? Hm? I wonder! Did you ever think that it’s not just you girls who have to piss!”

“You’ve literally peed on a tree!” Megan said exasperatedly. “I’ve seen you!”

“Yeah, well that was before … this!” Tyler motioned wildly around him. “That’s not something that’s going to happen for the next week!”

“What’s that supposed to mean?” Megan stomped her foot, another spurt of urine shooting from her bladder into her pants, causing her to awkwardly hold her thighs together so as to not allow the leak to turn into anything further.

“I … I,” Tyler stuttered, an unnatural flush burning his cheeks. “I … can’t say!”

“You literally can’t say?” Nadia said, waddling out of the toilet, her pants still quite stained but slightly more dry from the hand towel which had been used on them.

Tyler nodded, rubbing his throat. His bladder was uncomfortably full, to the point he would normally have given up the fight and gone to the toilet, but he couldn’t go. Not yet. Not until the girls left. And the shopkeeper. And the tour guides. The toilet needed to be completely empty for him to even attempt going.

He hadn’t even heard of a shy bladder before coming to this crazy resort. He had heard of people having other problems with their bladders, hell, even his grandfather had problems with his prostate and needed to piss all the time and his mom had the bladder size of a pea, but this was a new one for him.

“Ah, an interesting one!” his nurse had said as he entered the information into the computer. “A shy bladder! We rarely get those! I’m glad they chose to include this one!”

“What even is a ‘shy bladder?’” Tyler had asked with a laugh. “It’s not like it’s playing hide-and-go seek or something, right?”

“No,” the nurse had chuckled. “Do you like playing logic games? Or games with logistics in them?”

Tyler had shrugged, “I mean, kind of? They’re not really my cup.”

“Ok, well, this will make your life a game of logistics,” the nurse had said. “You will only be able to pee in certain circumstances. Like if you are alone in the room. It will be up to you to navigate through these difficulties.”

They had discussed the logistics of this for a while before Tyler finally figured out what parameters he wanted to set. Naturally, he wanted a challenge and why wouldn’t he? $20,000 was on the line! So he set some rather interesting parameters for his bladder and called it good. If there was another person with a shy bladder, he was certain his would be the most shy of all of them.

Who talks about bladders anyways?

Now, standing in front of two of his good friends, his bladder throbbing but refusing to release, he regretted his decision. He really had to go and had almost been able to convince himself that he was alone in the store and the shopkeeper had gone across the road when Nadia and Megan showed up and started banging on the door.

Couldn’t a guy just be left alone to piss for five minutes?

And as much as he wanted to reach down and hold himself, that wasn’t allowed either. He had made it so it wasn’t just his bladder that was shy, but himself as well. He couldn’t talk about it, he couldn’t grab or readjust himself, and he certainly couldn’t piss if there was anyone nearby. They might hear something!

Unfortunately, that left him with no way out, no way to prevent himself from peeing, and a full bladder that he physically could not empty in front of anyone unless his bladder simply overflowed.

“So what can you say?” Nadia said as Megan rolled her eyes and went into the toilet herself. While she wasn’t desperate, she did need to try and dry out her underwear. And try to pee a little.

“Nothing is wrong, I’m fine.” Tyler said as his bladder once again reminded him it was quite full. His eye twitched slightly as his bladder stretched. If only he hadn’t drunk that liter of soda before they got on the bus, he’d have been fine.

But man did he need to go!

“Ok then,“ Nadia said suspiciously, side-eyeing him for a moment before wincing as one of the babies nailed her right in the bladder once more, sending a wave of desperation through her despite knowing her bladder was empty.

“Are you ok?” Tyler asked, leaning back against the wall.

“Yeah. Kinda,” Nadia said with a chuckle, her gravid belly and large breasts jiggling. “I mean, these ‘babies’ just made me piss myself.”

Tyler smirked and scratched his stomach to subtly cover the rub of his bladder. “More points for you then, I guess.”

“Yeah, but I’m nowhere near as bad as Megan,” Nadia said, continuing to giggle. “She pissed herself earlier laughing at me!”

“I leaked!” Megan said, coming out of the bathroom just in time to catch the tail end of the conversation. “I’ve managed to avoid completely pissing myself so far!”

“Oh, please,” Nadia said jokingly. “I saw that wet spot on your pants.”

“At least mine didn’t get into my shoes!”

“At least you could!” Tyler said quietly, though he wasn’t sure the girls heard him.

“You really couldn’t go?” Megan asked, her eyebrows shooting upwards in astonishment. “Seriously?”

“Wait. So you have to all the time. You have the babies sitting on…” Tyler motioned towards his groin as his throat closed up before he could mention the bladder, his own bladder begging for release that he knew he could not have anytime soon.

“And you can’t talk about it.” Megan finished. “Or go? Isn’t that dangerous?”

“I can… just….” Tyler sighed. “Not right now. Not around you all.”

“Well shit,” Megan said, folding her arms. “Shit.”

Nadia frowned before looking frantically around the hall, making sure none of the staff were nearby. The shopkeeper had been rather quick and silent about cleaning up her earlier accident and had rather quickly returned to his post behind the counter while the two tour guides were seeming to peruse the shelves. There didn’t appear to be any cameras or anything watching them, but from the few experiences they had had up to this point at Carsis, she was concerned that this may not be the case.

“Guys, when I went to the supply shop, I overheard some of the workers talking about how they weren’t a fan of doing laundry here and how the next week was going to be awful and how they expected to come home smelling like piss from it,” Nadia whispered, a hand resting on her stomach.

“So?” Tyler asked. “So what?”

“What if…” Nadia paused, her hand involuntarily stroking her stomach to try and calm the children who were once again bouncing around. “What if our entire group has something going on with our bladders? Wouldn’t that just be shit?”

“Yeah,” Tyler agreed. “Watch, they’ll schedule an assembly or something midway through, just to spite us.”

“But why?” Megan asked, licking her dry lips knowing she would need to start sipping on the bottle of water the nurse had given her soon and mentally groaning.

“Look, I bet the cards have something to do with this,” Nadia said quietly. “I had a black card and ended up pregnant. Meg, you had a blue card and have to pee all the time. And Tyler…”

“Yellow,” Tyler nodded, his bladder warning once again that he needed to go soon though he knew he wouldn’t be able to do anything once he got there if the girls were still around.

“So if we find anyone with any other cards of our same color, we’ll know for sure if this is what the cards meant!” Megan said, snapping her fingers. “But what about the other cards? What do they mean?”

“I guess we’ll just have to find out!” Nadia said rather excitedly, one of the babies kicking her in the kidney as it joined in the celebration. “OW!”

“But first,” Megan said. “We should finish the tour. We have a whole week to figure it out and I would like to be in my new digs before I really have to pee again. I really didn’t like peeing in a bush.”

*013*2022-09-16 07:37

Sorry for the wait, real life loves getting in the way when it comes to writing. No worries, this story is not dead! Part of the reason this takes a while to get out is that the story has to 1: progress and 2: contain what the commenters want. So if that involves adding a new character or scenario, that has to get crafted and woven into the story itself.

That being said, if there are scenarios you want to see, just let me know and I'll write them in. You wanna see all of the students forced to get together to work on a project but all of them have various problems with their bladders? You got it. Line for the bathroom? Done. A character who can only pee if the wind is blowing from the east and the sun is in the sky? What the heck, we'll do it! Just let me know!

___________________________________

Rubbing her face, Megan involuntarily squirmed as her bladder made itself known yet again. This would be the fourth time since the program had started that she had needed to go to the toilet and she was barely over an hour in. And it never was just a little that she needed to go, the urgency was extreme. She had maybe three minutes max to get to the toilet before her bladder just gave out.

Crossing her legs, she looked around the cottage for the bathroom door, knowing it would be close to the bedroom. There were two doors on the other side of the living room, surely one of those would be it. Having just arrived, she wasn’t too sure which was which.

Quickly hobbling over to the doors, she buried her hand in her crotch hoping to stave off a leak.

“Oh pleeeease!” She moaned as she opened the first door and was dismayed to find the bedroom. A spurt of urine jetting into her underwear once more. “No no no!”

Opening the second door, she quickly ran in and pulled her pants down to sit on the toilet, a jet of piss shooting out before she even sat down, running down her legs and into her pants as they slid down her legs.

At least this time she was at a toilet.

Moaning in relief as she emptied her bladder once again, Megan looked around the bathroom, taking in what was sure to be her most frequently visited room in the house. It was a quaint room with faded blue wallpaper and a simple tile design on the floor. The pedestal sink had a medicine cabinet with a mirrored door hanging directly above it and a half a bottle of lavender scented hand soap sitting by a cup which contained a brand new toothbrush. While it wasn’t her style necessarily, it was quite homely and a style she could see herself living with for an extended period of time.

Finishing her business on the toilet, Megan quickly washed her hands and began wandering around the cottage to get a better feel for it. This was where she was supposed to “live” for the next week after all. It would be awful if she needed to try and plan a run to the store for anything with the way her bladder was now. She knew she was going to have to eventually for more pads and pullups, but that was a task she planned to try to tackle later. For now, she just wanted to spend an afternoon relaxing and watching a movie and rehydrating.

As much as she didn’t want to admit it, the nurse had been right. Because she was peeing a lot, she was much more dry than normal. Her mouth was starting to feel gummy and she was starting to get a small headache. Nothing she couldn’t handle, but something she certainly was going to have to remedy as soon as possible. Especially if she wanted to prevent her skin from getting dry and flaky. What an awful way to begin the summer that would be!

Her bladder was already aching at the prospect of drinking as much water as she knew she was going to have to to get herself feeling better.

Grabbing a cup and gamely filling it with tap water, she wandered back into the living room area and turned on the TV only to find that things were clearly censored on the screen. There were only a few apps available on the screen and all of them were labled “Carsis _____.” While there seemed to be a good selection of movies on the movie app and games on the gaming app, she couldn’t help but marvel at the lengths to which this resort had modified everything to give its guests the most immersive experience while also wondering to what extent they would censor media their guests received.

Flipping through the movies, she finally settled on an old fashioned Rom-Com and kicked her feet up with a small smile. This place was strange, that was for certain, but it didn’t seem uncomfortably so. Maybe, once she had the money to do so, she could come back for some other form of experience. One where she wasn’t needing to pee so frequently.

Crossing her legs and sitting on her ankle, she slowly sipped away at her glass of water, relishing the cool way it slid down her throat. Though she knew there was coke in the fridge, she couldn’t help but think of how refreshing the water was in comparison. Truly water was the best drink of them all.

It didn’t take long for Megan to become thoroughly engrossed in the story and for her glass of water to be finished. Though she had seen this particular movie several times, she still found it a fun movie to dive into. She wouldn’t say that this was her favorite movie, but it was definitely in the top ten and she loved how well developed the plot was. The man and the woman were just getting ready to kiss for the first time when suddenly, a scene which always left Megan laughing when, without warning, she felt something warm in her lap.

As her brain suddenly flicked back to reality, she realized what had happened as a wave of desperation shot over her.

“Shit!” Megan exclaimed, slowly climbing off of the couch, the wet spot continuing to grow as her bladder involuntarily emptied itself with her laughter. “Oh, shit!”

‘Dammit!’ Megan thought as she tried to stop laughing for long enough to get control of her bladder by crossing her legs and crouching down. She knew this scene was coming, why hadn’t she thought about how it would affect her?! Desperately she buried her hands in her crotch trying to stem the flow as she tried to breathe through the laughter and not think about the scene which had just played out.

Trying desperately to stem the flow, quickly ran to the toilet, as urine continued to leak out of her bladder and run down her legs, leaving rivulets on her jeans as she did so. These jeans were done for, that was for certain.

But that scene!

Megan quickly ripped her pants down and threw herself at the toilet as her bladder gave up the fight and began to completely empty. It was rather strange, she was peeing but the urge continued to grow as her bladder continued to force itself to empty.

“Oh, oh!” Megan moaned as the pressure increased, the urine spurting from her shooting out like a fire hose as her bladder pulsated. She tried to relax, but her bladder kept squeezing despite being mostly empty. “Oh my god!”

Drips of urine continued to fall from her as she pulled off her now sodden underwear and jeans and prepared to change into something else more comfortable. She knew she needed to drink more water to compensate, but was a bit apprehensive about the prospect of drinking so much this late in the afternoon. She already knew she was going to be in for a rough night and didn’t think her bladder would be able to take much more, but she also knew she would need to drink more water to get feeling more hydrated.

A lot more water.

Wiping off her legs with a piece of toilet paper, she sighed and looked around the bathroom before pulling off her shirt and bra as well. She was already in here and half naked, may as well take a shower while she was at it. At the very least, it would help get the sticky feeling of urine off her skin.

Turning on the water for the shower, she involuntarily crossed her legs as her bladder spasmed at the sound of the splashing water. That was by far the worst part of turning on the shower in her opinion, but at least her bladder was empty!

Climbing into the shower, she immediately relaxed in the heat of the water. Rivulets of water ran down her lithe body, dripping from her tits and curving around her ass as she leaned over and grabbed the wash cloth and soap. Slowly lathering the soap, she began rubbing it down her arms then down her sides being sure to scrub around her breasts. As her wash cloth slid over her tits, she felt a surprising rush of warmth in her lower abdomen. It almost felt like when the nurse had been filling her bladder for the capacity testing but not painful.

In fact it was downright pleasant.

One hand massaging her breast, the other hand ran slowly down her front and between her legs, beginning to rub her clit. The warm feeling continued to build as she rubbed, her bladder swelling as it filled once more with piss. Her breaths became more labored as she rubbed, her fingers sliding past her urethra which was beginning to spurt and into her vagina.

Circling her thumb around and around her clit as her fingers delved deep into her vagina, she whimpered and bucked into the feeling, relishing the extra pressure her now full bladder was putting on the situation. She had never thought to be desperate when masturbating before, but it was certainly making the feelings more intense.

Deeper and harder she pushed, her breaths coming in short pants as she moaned in pleasure. Short, desperate pants as she struggled once more to hold in her pee and maintain that feeling of desperation while also achieving an orgasm. Her toes curled as her pants turned to moans, the tidal wave of an orgasm riding up over her and consuming her thoughts.

With a final howl, she came, her bladder suddenly releasing into her hand as she came. Urine and juices dripping through her fingers as she rubbed and lowered herself to the ground, her knees feeling weak.

Slowly removing her hand and leaning against the side of the shower as the water continued to fall, she sighed with pleasure before rubbing her hand over her lower abdomen. If this was what an orgasm felt like with a full bladder, she would happily keep herself fully hydrated just to feel that again.

————

Nadia winced as she waddled through her apartment. All that she wanted to do was lie down and take a nap, but that wasn’t going to happen any time soon. In fact, naps the way she hoped to take them would likely not be happening at all during the experience. Apparently, someone somewhere had requested a wife and she hadn’t checked “no” to that option.

She knew it had to be one of her classmates, but who could it be?

A quick jab in the stomach from one of her babies reminded her of another stipulation which she hadn’t checked “no” to was having a family. And a family she was going to get. A large family.

All shoved into a small, 2 bedroom apartment with only one toilet.

Waddling to the toilet, she knocked on the door twice to make sure no one was in it before pushing the door open and wincing at the sight before her. Apparently, her children and “husband” were rather messy, leaving towels and dirty clothes on the floor which she immediately began bending over and trying to pick up, a task which the babies didn't like and immediately began ramming into her bladder in protest.

“Ooo, please stop!” she gasped, bouncing slightly and bending her knees as small spurts of urine shot into her underwear at the pressure. “Please!”

Ripping her pants down and throwing herself at the toilet, she was rather disappointed when only a small dribble escaped her bladder despite her still feeling as though she desperately needed to go. Wiping herself off in frustration and struggling to pull up her pants, she jumped slightly when she heard the front door open.

“Honey, I’m home!” a sarcastic, female voice yelled. “What a shit show this is going to be.”

Nadia stuck her head out of the bathroom and frowned. “Who are you?”

“Who am I? Who are you!?” The shorter girl responded, adjusting her pants which were just a hair too tight around the waist and seemed to have an extra layer of fabric under them.

“Nadia Teruli,” Nadia said, exiting the bathroom and awkwardly waddling forward.

“Oh shit!” the other girl said placing her hand on her own stomach and gazing open mouthed at Nadia’s stomach. “Oh shit, and here I was thinking I had it bad!”

Nadia raised an eyebrow as she shifted her weight, trying to get the babies into a more comfortable position only for two of them to slide down feet first onto her bladder and deliver two punishing kicks. If she couldn’t get them to reposition themselves before bed time, she didn’t think she would be sleeping anywhere other than on the toilet.

“Sorry… Sorry…” The other girl said, holding up her hands. “I’m Rachael Pritcher. I guess I’m supposed to be your husband? I’m supposed to be a man for the week.”

Nadia’s mouth fell open in shock and indignance at the other girl’s appearance. She was clearly not taking this scholarship seriously as very little about her had changed. She still had her long strawberry blonde hair pulled up into a bun on the back of her head, her breasts were just as round and perky as ever though she was clearly not wearing a bra, and Nadia couldn’t see any evidence of a penis prosthesis in Rachael’s pants. Pants which weren’t fitting because they were clearly cut for a male figure and definitely not for curvaceous hips like what Rachael was sporting.

“What!” Rachael said, rolling her eyes and crossing her arms. “Did you honestly think that I was going to do that?! Ew! If I had known that this was going to be the outcome, I never would have come here. I only wanted to come on this trip so I didn’t have to go see my grandmother for a week.”

Nadia smiled weakly, rubbing her stomach as she felt the babies shift around, reminding her what was at stake. “What about the scholarship?”

“What about it?” Rachael asked, walking over to the kitchen cupboards and opening them, looking around for something. “Look, my dad already agreed to pay for my college in full, I don’t need a scholarship.”

“So nothing has changed on you?” Nadia asked softly, jealousy clouding her voice. “Nothing at all?”

“Ugh, fine!” Rachael said as she opened the fridge and pulled out a can of non-alcoholic beer and wrinkled her nose. “Yes, they insisted that I do something, even got Crenshaw in on it, so I have to pee standing up.”

“That’s it?” Nadia growled as Rachael cracked open the can of “beer” and took a swig before sitting down and turning on the television. “That’s all you did?”

“Yeah,” Rachael said pulling a device out of her pocket and holding it up. “They gave me this and told me to try it out. Said it’ll make it easier to aim at the toilet. Only have enough for two days though. Then I have to learn how to aim ‘properly’.”

“Ew!” Nadia said, curling her lip at the device. “That’s so gross!”

“I know, right!” Rachael groaned, pocketing the device once more. “They also said I can’t pee in the girls' bathrooms any more, but we’ll see about that!”

“Sounds like you’re going to have an easy week,” Nadia chuckled, stretching her back. “Any idea who our “kids” are supposed to be?”

Rachael shrugged and kicked her feet up on the coffee table, a mud clod falling from them and landing on the center of the table. “Only thing I know is that you are my wife for the week.”

“Yup,” Nadia grimaced as she readjusted her bra, her breasts feeling full and uncomfortable in their cups. “Any chance you could help me pick up a little before the kids get here?”

“Nah, that’s your job,” Rachael said, turning up the volume of the TV slightly and taking another swig of beer. “Husband, remember.”

Nadia rolled her eyes and turned back to the bathroom, slowly leaning over and picking up the various articles of clothing which were on the floor, the babies once again protesting the movement but with protests focussed less on her bladder and more on each other. She had barely managed to fill half of a laundry basket when a knock was heard at the door.

“Rachael, can you get that?” Nadia called, struggling to pick up the laundry basket onto her hip.

“Yeah, yeah,” Rachael said, slowly getting up from the couch and going to the door. Peering through the peephole, Rachel sighed dramatically before undoing the locks and swinging the door open. “Kids are here.”

________________________

Eric stood in the door of his home for the next week and sighed. It was such a strange sensation having an entire skillset removed from you, especially one which was so intrinsically tied to growing up. It wasn’t as though he didn’t know how to use a toilet, he certainly remembered how to and could remember standing in front of one and letting it rip. It was as though there was a mental block in place. One which couldn’t be removed.

One which he himself had chosen to put there.

“Typically with incontinence or bladder weakness, the person is aware that they are going and know to try and make it to the toilet,” the nurse had said as he typed away on his computer, setting up the program for what Eric was about to experience for the next week. “What you are suggesting is certainly outside of the box, but I am more than happy to help you try to achieve this.”

Eric had simply nodded and swallowed the pill. He knew he needed the scholarship money and he had seen Gracie draw the same card color as well. If ever there was a person who deserved a scholarship such as this, it was Gracie. She was sweet, smart, and so so funny. The only people who didn’t like her were the popular kids, but they were so full of themselves they couldn’t see a good person even if she came up and bit them.

Walking over to the kitchen, Eric pulled down a glass and filled it with water. A strange pressure had been growing in his abdomen for the last two hours and for the life of him he couldn’t figure out what it was. It almost tickled at first, but now it was almost painful. It was weird, he could remember feeling this way before, thus the reason he wasn’t overly concerned by the stomach pain, but he couldn’t place what it was that was making him feel this way.

Squirming slightly as he poured himself a glass of water and sitting down, he was equally as surprised to feel a trickle of wetness in his diaper. Looking down in his shorts at the thick diaper which was strapped around his waist, he was surprised to see a small yellow stain begin to appear on the front of it, changing the color of the stripe in the front from a blue to a green.

What in the…

Oh. Right. That needed to get changed.

Standing back up, he felt a sudden rush of warmth in diaper, the front of it drooping downward and pulling the front of his shorts down with it. In the back of his mind he felt as though this wasn’t normal, but the feeling of normality overrode it. It was as though he did this every day.

Standing in front of the bathroom door, he stared at the strange contraptions within it for several moments before grabbing a replacement diaper, baby powder, and wipes. With practiced ease, he ripped off the old diaper, squeezing his dick to prevent the inevitable spurt as the cold air hit him, before giving himself a good dusting of baby powder and quickly pulling up the new diaper. His bladder was already beginning to leak once more, but at least his diaper wasn’t saturated.

Looking over at the toilet once more, he frowned at the structure as a moment of recall came to his brain. He was supposed to … pee in that? Since when? That didn’t make any sense! Why would you pee into water and get rid of it that way? Why get rid of your natural water via more water? It was waste, why not throw it in the bin?

Besides, it wasn’t like his bladder ever remained full. Sometimes it would fill up, but then it would all come at once, which was honestly more annoying than when he would just leak.

But that was… normal?

He shook his head as a memory surfaced once more of peeing into a toilet.

When he needed to pee, he did it in his diaper.

The mental block certainly was a strange one, but if it got them the scholarship…

_______________________

Grace sat at the bus stop outside of the quaint gas station in the “log cabin district.” She would have been to her cabin by now if she hadn’t needed to get of the bus desperately in the “city center.” Her bladder just couldn’t take it any more and had started to leak fiercely as the woman next to her also squirmed. And just now, when she had hopped off the bus once again and ran into the gas station, she was accompanied by another woman who appeared to be nearing the end of her pregnancy.

Taking a swig of her water, Grace pulled out her book and flipped to her marked page. It would be a while yet before the next bus would come, but at least now she was only three sectors away from her “home” hidden in the trees.

An avid connoisseur of all things fantasy, to say that she was upset when finding out that the fantastical realms offered at Carsis were off limits would be an understatement. Who wouldn’t want to be a Wood Elf, living life in tree houses and swinging from vines? Or a centaur, running freely across the plains, the wind whipping through your hair as your hooves propelled you forward?

It wasn’t fair!

While she had initially sighed at her misfortune, she quickly realized that the stipulation wasn’t that the fantasy realm was off limits but rather that she simply couldn’t be a creature. She could live in the trees, she could say she was kidnapped as a child to live with the elves. She could develop whatever story she wanted, so long as she wasn’t a creature.

So, cursed it was.

Within the stipulation of her card, she had to have a weak bladder. She modified it slightly to a curse where if someone near her had to pee, she suddenly had to as well. But for her, it wasn’t something she could control: if they had to pee soon, she had to pee now. Her bladder would shrink and spasm and fill all on its own from the curse placed on her by a water sprite.

The nurse who was doing her calibration had been cackling as Grace quickly manipulated the rules to fit her own agenda so she could live in the Wood Elf section of the resort. After a few stipulations were put into place such as having to spend at least half of the day with the humans in the resort, she had opted not to participate in the tour of the facility, choosing instead to go to the bus depot and ride that to her destination.

Or try to.

It seemed that the longer the day wore on, the more people there were on the buses who needed to pee. She had needed to get off of the first bus because of the squirming woman she had sat next to and then proceeded to miss the next bus because her bladder had immediately spasmed as soon as she had set foot on the bus, leading her to jump of and dash back into the toilet as her bladder instantaneously filled with urine and began to leak.

“So where are you headed, Grace?” a familiar voice said from behind her.

“Iggy?” Grace said, whipping around only to find herself staring at the pregnant woman who had disembarked alongside her.

“Yup!” the woman laughed, her stomach shaking as she laughed happily, her eyes filling with tears. “Look at me!”

“Look at you!” Grace said, running over and hugging her friend. “Oh Iggy! I’m so happy for you!”

“I know!” Iggy said, tears of happiness dripping down her face as she began slowly spinning around running her hands softly over her overtly feminine body. Her hands paused to gently squeeze her breasts before running over her gravid stomach and around her ass, squeezing and shaking the cheeks. “They’re perfect!”

“Did you ever think…?” Grace paused, gesturing to Iggy’s frame.

“Not without hormones and lots of surgery,” Iggy sighed, sniffing and wiping the tears from her eyes. “And more money than I could ever dream of having. And to be pregnant? This is a dream come true!”

Grace nodded happily, wiping her own tears from her eyes. For better or worse, Iggy had always been open about her sexuality. In spite of the very masculine figure she had been born with, she always managed to dress more stylishly as a girl than even the most preppy of cheerleaders. Frequently this led to horrific bullying at the hands of many of the boys in school, but Iggy was strong, sassy, and didn’t have any problem using that masculine body to throw a solid right hook at any boys or girls who dared to try to bully her.

To see her like this was far more than a dream come true.

“So where are you going? And what card did you get?” Iggy asked, rubbing her hand in circles over her belly, clearly relishing the feeling.

“Tree Top,” Grace said, resting her hand on Iggy’s belly and smiling as the baby moved under her hand. “I am being ‘raised’ by the elves.”

“Ooo!” Iggy squealed. “That must be a dream! But how’d you swing that?”

“Got cursed by water sprites,” Grace said with a laugh. “Whenever anyone around me needs to pee, I need to as well.”

Iggy nodded thoughtfully, her hand running over her stomach as the baby squirmed once more, settling itself head down in her pelvis, resting just above her pubic bone. Any small movement could send it sliding onto her bladder, at which point she was positive she would feel like she needed to go again. “Sounds rough. Other than with me, has it happened before?”

“Yeah, I had to jump off my first bus because my bladder was going to explode. All because the person next to me had squirmed around a bit because they needed to pee,” Grace winced as her bladder began to rapidly fill once more. “Seriously Iggy?”

“I’m sorry! I don’t even really need to go that bad! It's the baby!” Iggy apologized as Grace began shifting around for a few seconds before running back into the toilet. “I’ll hold the bus for you!”
