Nightclub Blues

Author: Jannet

*000*2016-02-19 19:20

Tracy and Tina were ready to go to the nightclub in the town centre. They were well dressed, Tracy in her black silky dress and matching high heel shoes, Tina with a blue top and black knee-length skirt and dark blue high heels. When they got to the club, they saw most of the people dancing.

“Look’s busy tonight,” said Tracy.

“Yes, it sure does,” replied Tina. “It might be a good night for us.

They had not seen any handsome men yet, so they walked over to the bar to have a couple of drinks, always mixtures of alcohol, soft drink and mixers. After a while, they got to the dancefloor and strutted their stuff with the others.

“Hey, Tina, look at this guy!” said Tracy.

“Where?” asked Tina.

They looked at this tall, tanned, blonde-haired man with muscles to match. He was at the other end of the bar. He looked at them and started to walk over.

“Hi,” he said. “You’ve been here before?”

“Yeah,” replied Tracy.

“Would you like a dance?” the man asked.

“Sure,” said Tracy, and they both went to dance, leaving Tina on her own.

She needed to go to the toilet, so she went to the toilets where there was a long queue of ladies needing to relieve themselves…or were they just doing make up?

Tina seen the queue had not moved for ten minutes and she was bursting. She was pacing and hopping on one foot. After another ten minutes, she went back to the bar to order ashandy, which she drank quickly. She saw Tracy dancing with the handsome blonde guy….she was jealous of her mate. She was paying more attention to them than to her bursting bladder. She found a discreet corner of the nightclub and started to hold herself through her skirt. She needed to go badly, but still saw the long line of ladies still needing the toilet. She grabbed herself tightly in the hope that the pain in her bladder would subside a little.

Suddenly, Tracy called to her. “Hey, Tina, the guy wants to dance with you.”

“I-I-I can’t, I-“

“Come on, don’t be shy, come over here.”

Tina tried to compose herself and walked over to Tracy and the man. The song “Lady In Red” by Chris de Burgh was playing. Both Tina and the man were embracing each other on the dancefloor. She wanted the dance to happen but for the imminent need to relieve herself. She started to shake and fidget.

“What’s wrong?” the man asked.

“E-er, nothing, just a little tired,” Tina lied.

She managed to stay composed throughout the dance. When the song finished, she made a quick, desperate dash to the toilets. She felt the pee seeping through her knickers, so when she got into a cubicle, she just lifted her skirt, stood over the toilet and let go. The pee gushed out of her knickers and run down her long legs. It seemed to take forever when somebody had banged on the door.

“HURRY UP, I NEED TO GO TOO!” a voice shouted. When Tina finished and cleaned herself up, she opened to see Tracy standing there, clutching herself and needing to go too.

