Jen & Jake's Bladder Games

Author: jibbyjamie

*000*2023-06-16 13:17

Sitting at her desk, Jen's bladder felt like it was stretched to the bursting point. She had her thighs pressed together, muscles clenches so tight they were trembling. Her breathing was shallow, the effort of keeping in the flood taking all of her concentration.

"Babe. PLEASE!! I'm about to piss myself!!" she texted her boyfriend.

His response came a few seconds later.

"Piss yourself, then!"

Jen stared at the text message. "I CAN'T!" she typed back. "YOU'RE NOT LETTING ME GO!!"

"Who said you couldn't?" he replied. "Go on, pee your pants!"

Jen's legs clench tighter and she squirmed in her chair. She shook her head. She had to try to stay in control. "Please," she texted.

"What's wrong? Can't you do it?"

Jake knew what he was doing. Jen could never admit to not being able to hold it. She was too proud of her bladder control. And too turned on by her and Jake's games. She was also certain that she was on the brink of wetting herself. She'd never done that before. Not while playing one of their games.

"Babe," she texted. "I need to go sooo bad. PLEASE!! You're killing me here!"

"You'll just have to wait," he texted back. "I want to see how much you can take."

"I CAN'T TAKE MUCH MORE!"

"Are you sure? I thought you were a big girl ;)"

Jake knew how turned on Jen was by this. She'd hold it so long as he told her too, he was certain of that.

"PLEEEEAAAASSSSE!!"

"Are you going to do what I say?"

"Yes!" Jen texted. "Whatever you say! Just PLEASE!!!"

Jen actually had tears in her eyes at this point. She was trembling and whincing at every movement. The effort of holding on was too much. David who was sitting next to her at work occasionally looked over, as if he was concerned by what he was witnessing, but he didn't say anything. Jen was embarrassed about this. Normally, she'd be able to keep her composure. She'd been desperate at work before, either of her own accord or because of her games with Jake. But this was further than they had ever pushed it, and she wasn't sure if Jake was actually aware of this. She was scared. And horny. He wanted Jake to push her to her breaking point... just not in the office, surrounded by her coworkers.

"Let me think..." Jake replied, intentionally waiting for a few minutes after sending the message.

Jen sat at her desk, trembling, gritting her teeth, every muscle in her body clenched tight, trying not to let the flood out, staring at her phone screen intently.

About a minute later, Jake replied.

"Okay, I'm going to let you go, but only on one condition."

Jen squirmed in her chair. Her bladder felt like it was going to explode at any second. Her face was red, her jaw clenched tight. She could see David looking at her again. He must have thought she was crazy.

"What is it?" Jen texted.

"I want to watch."

"And I want to see how much you've been holding in for me. Do you have access to a measuring jug?", Jake followed up.

"I'd have to check the kitchen. I'm not sure I'll be able to make it. I'm serious. Jake, I might be about to piss myself. Please!!!" she texted back. The admission made her feel vulnerable, ashamed, but she didn't have a choice. Her bladder was spasming and contracting, trying to force jets of pee out, her sphincter muscles cramping with the effort of holding on. If she had to walk into the office's kitchen and try to appear composed, she legitimately didn't think she could hold on any longer, and that thought scared her. At this point, fear, spasms and cramps were starting to take over from horniness.

"Are you a big girl?", Jake's response came back.

Jen could have cried. She knew he wasn't going to give in.

She got up from her seat, whincing, her legs squirming involuntarily during the movement. It's as if her skin was a corset trying to compress her bladder, and standing up had tightened it, trying to force the pee out. She was going to burst. She made her way into the kitchen. She could see David looking at her in confusion. She must've looked like she was... well, about to piss herself.

She checked the kitchen. There was a measuring jug there, thankfully, on the top shelf. She stretched herself out to reach for it and... felt a small spurt escape her. "FUCK!!!" she squealed, doubling over, tying her legs into what could only be described as a knot, breathing heavily. The kitchen was separate from the desk area, but she was sure someone would've heard her exclamation.

No point thinking about that now. She had no time to waste. She snatched the measuring jug off the shelf, this time without further leakages, and half-ran through the desk area with it, into the bathrooms. People must've thought she was crazy. How was she going to turn this around?

The bathroom was empty. She made her way into one of the stalls, locked herself in, removed her panties, lifted up her skirt, and sat down on the closed toilet bowl. Her pussy was so wet and swollen it looked like she'd peed herself already. She placed the measuring jug between her thighs, trying to aim her pussy at it, and then she remembered the terms of her relief. She was so close, it took all her might to just let go of the controls of the throbbing, stretched balloon inside of her. But she took out her phone, tried to aim it the best she could, and started recording a video to send to Jake.

She let go.

A jet erupted from her pussy. Thick and so forceful that it was splashing off the inner edge of the measuring jug. She craved for the pressure in her bladder to subside. But it didn't. For a solid 30 seconds, this absolute torrent kept pouring out of her, without her bladder even seeming to shrink one bit. After this, her stream slowed down to a more normal pressure level, and she could feel her bladder finally start to relax. She was shaking, her heart pounding, ears ringing, and loins throbbing. She was starting to be afraid that she'd drop the measuring jug, as she only had one hand available to hold it, her other hand holding her phone. She could see the contents of the measuring jug exceeding the 1 litre mark, and her stream may have slowed down but was still going steady.

After more than a full minute, her stream finally slowed down to a trickle, and eventually stopped. She sat there for a few seconds, breathing heavily, still trembling, and thinking of how much she wanted Jake inside of her soaked, trembling pussy right now.

She bent over to put the measuring jug on the floor, and pointer her phone camera at it from the side. Just under 1600ml. She was no doctor, but she was pretty sure that was considered abnormally large, just like she was pretty sure she had never held this much pee in her life. Jake was right. She was a big girl. With a big bladder.

She sent the video to Jake, captioning it "You better believe my revenge will have you begging for mercy 😘"

A minute later, Jake replied.

"Babe... HOLY SHIT?!"

"I realised you were full but... WHAT?! If I didn't have evidence of this coming out of you, I'd never believe it."

"Imagine what it was like for me trying to hold this in all afternoon. I can't even describe to you how this felt." Jen texted back.

"Can you try?" Jake replied. Jen knew he would be extremely horny right now.

"I have a better idea. See you tonight hun."

"Oh and... no touching yourself 😉" she followed it up with. She's shown that she was a big girl. And payback would be sweet.

*003*2023-07-06 15:55

{{On 6/24/2023 at 5:52 PM, Portalzues2329 said:

Is this the end of this story?

}}

As with everything I write, I may continue it or I may decide I'm bored of it and come up with something else instead 🙂

