Despearte Assassin

Author: JacobEvie

*000*2016-04-05 17:35

My first ever wetting fic, I don’t know if it’s any good or not. But I mostly did it for my own personal pleasure. It takes place in Assassin’s Creed Syndicate. I also have another idea that I want to get written up, after watching Game of Thrones. I’m disappointed by the very few fics to these.

XxXxXx

Jacob awoke from his sofa, throwing back the blanket. He stretched his aching muscles, before getting up. He put on his coat, hat and gauntlet, just as Alice joined him.

He smiled at her, knowing full well they would be wed any day soon. Alice was the twin’s childhood friend from Crawley. She was very beautiful now that she had come of age, slim body, with breasts no bigger than his sisters. She was no bigger in height than his sister either. But then again, he wasn’t dating his sister, but a friend the pair had grown up with and even trained with on odd occasions.

Alice returned the smile, before turning on her heel and heading out. She jumped down from the moving train and steadied herself. She watched as Jacob did the same thing.

“So, where to?” she asked.

“The Rooks have informed me, that the remaining Blighters have a boat coming in.” Jacob informed her. “Possibly leftovers of Starrick’s poison.”

“Well, we can’t have that now can we?” Alice smirked.

Jacob shook his head, “Of course not. Now then off to the Thames.”

“Wanna race?” Alice asked giddily. “Last one there gets the pints in!”

Jacob thought for a second, there was no way he’d lose. He drew closer to her, putting his hand under her jaw, as he pulled her in for a kiss.

“You’re on!” he smirked, as he pulled away, before hightailing it.

“Cheating bastard!” she yelled playfully, getting a few looks from people passing by.

Not wanting to be left behind she took off at a run, thinking of the best route possible that would take her straight to her location and not come in second place.

It wasn’t long until she reached the running waters of the Thames. She sighed in defeat at who should be waiting for her.

“Took your sweet old time, didn’t you.” Jacob smirked, as Alice came to a stop by his side.

“You cheated, you can’t kiss and run like that!” She scowled, giving him a slap on the arm.

Jacob just laughed, before going over everything.

“I’ll take the ones on the boat, you take those there.” He said, pointing to the Blighters that weren’t on the boat. “And then we’ll take care of the cargo.”

Alice nodded and pulled up her hood. Jacob took his top hat from his head and flattened it, to store it easily in his coat, as he too hooded up.

Alice crept over to the one of the unsuspecting Blighters, she snaked her left arm around to the front on his neck, while her right hand clamped over his mouth. With her hidden blade extended, she pulled it across his neck. The Blighter’s blood gushed out all at once. She dropped the body with a dull thud and went and hid behind some crates.

She stole a quick glance in Jacob’s direction, a smile lined her face as she watched him gut one of the Blighters with his kukri.

“Oi, get that boat unloaded, you fucking cunts.”

Alice quickly turned her attention back to the Blighters, that where now stubbing out their lit fags, all the while moaning and complaining.

“Fucking pissant!”

“Come on you heard ‘im, get this fucking unloaded!”

Alice whipped out a throwing knife, she held it between her fingers and thumb a second, thinking who would be the lucky one to get it. She looked on to see a lone Blighter carrying a crate. He was stood between the boat and shore. Alice decided it was to be him and so she threw the knife, it landed dead on, hitting him right in the middle of the forehead. He fell back with a sharp gasp, taking the crate of goods with him.

“Where the fucks, Will gone?” a fellow Blighter asked, as he too was now joining his friend.

“You bastards leaving me and John to do all the fucking work,” another yelled, as he boarded the boat.

Alice couldn’t help but let out a small laugh, they were totally clueless.

“John!” the last remaining Blighter called out, before noticing a blood trail.

He rounded the crates, until he looked up and saw Alice, who just waved at him.

“You little bitch!” he screamed, pulling out his knife.

Alice dodged his feeble attack and returned it with her own, kneeing him in the balls, he dropped his knife to hold himself. Alice looked down on him with a smirk. She grabbed hold of a fist full of hair and yanked his head back, exposing his neck, as she ran her blade across it. She kicked him to the floor and then shook the blood from her blade, before retracting it.

Jacob was all ready and waiting for her, crates of dynamite waited by his feet. Alice jumped across and waited for Jacob to throw her one over, she placed it down near one of the hauls and lit a match. She dropped that lit match and ran. Jacob did the same thing on one of the other boats.

They did the last two, before standing back to admire there reckless handy work. They both pulled back their hoods. Jacob whipped out his top hat and opened up, to place it back on his head.

“What do you say we go get a pint, your buying.” He reminded her.

Alice sighed and followed on, to the nearest pub in the area.

“Barkeep bring us a two pints of your best bitter!” Jacob ordered.

“Right away, sir!”

It wasn’t long before two tankards were placed down on the table for them. Jacob lifted his to his lips and drank a good amount, before he placed it down on the table. Alice wasn’t one for drinking it straight back like Jacob and so took her time with it.

Jacob ordered yet another two pints this time he was buying. Alice happily downed her second, but called him off on the third. She was tipsy now and didn’t want to get full out drunk. Jacob shrugged and downed his third.

An hour had passed since the drinks had gone down and she was now starting to feel it, but fortunately, it wasn’t too bad. Jacob had called for another, damn that man can drink.

They’d then got chatting to the Rooks about this and that.

“So when’s the wedding?” one of the Rooks asked.

Alice shook her head, “That’s a secret!”

“Ha I see!”

“So you got plans for any kids?” another asked.

“Yea’ more than likely,” Jacob added, bringing the tankard back to his lips.

“Maybe the one,” Alice thought.

“What sex you hoping for?”

“Boy!” Jacob answered.

“Girl!” Alice replied, with a smile.

“Or girl!” he smirked, looking to Alice.

“Get what you get, that’s all!” One of the female Rooks told them.

Alice shrugged, “it doesn’t really matter to me.”

Another hour passed and the two were still in deep conversation. Alice was now feeling the pressure a little more and so moved to try and get comfortable. It helped a little, but she knew she’d have to go soon.

Jacob on the other hand had downed 4 pints. She was surprised to see him not bursting by now. A few minutes later told her otherwise. He moved pushing up against her and she felt his hand brush her leg. She looked down on instinct and saw him grab himself, before his hand then moved to her leg. She brought her gaze back up to him and smiled.

Half an hour had now passed and she felt movement again. Jacob’s hand left her leg once again, as he grabbed himself. This time he didn’t move it back. Alice looked to him.

“Do you think we should be getting back now?” she asked, feeling her own desperation growing.

Jacob looked to her in a pleading way, “Thought you’d never ask.”

He scooted out and around the table, never letting go of himself until he was free of the table. The Rooks watched as Jacob stood.

“You ready for home, Guv’nor?”

Jacob nodded, keeping his full attention on his desperate need.

Alice stood after him, and followed him out.

“Fuck! I need to piss!” he hissed, as he grabbed himself once again, nearly doubling over.

“Well, you are a man. Why not just whip it out and go.” Alice told him in sympathy, ignoring her own need.

He looked at her in disbelief, wetting in front of his soon to be wife was not something he had planned.

“I’ll look away don’t worry,” she reassured him.

He then headed down to the side of the pub, facing the wall and started to undo his trousers.

“Fucking hell!” he cursed.

“What’s up?” Alice asked.

“Can’t get the damn thing open!” He said, biting his lip.

Alice turned back to him and bent down, “You’re going to have to move your hand and stop fidgeting a minute.”

Jacob sighed, he took a deep breath and held on best he could. He moved his hand away, while Alice set to undoing his trousers.

“It’s done,” she informed him, turning her back to him as he fumbled about, finally whipping out his penis and sighing loudly with relief. His arm against the wall for support, as he now rested his head against it.

Hearing him piss like that was making it all the more harder for Alice. She jammed a hand quickly between her legs, as Jacob was finally finishing. The whole thing was starting to turn her on, but, she just hoped to high heaven that she wouldn’t have an accident.

“Done!” she asked.

Jacob let out a sigh, as he tucked his penis away.

“Yea’ that’s a load off!” he joked.

Alice gave a snort, not wanting to laugh.

“Alright, now back to the train.” Jacob said, as he started walking down the street.

“What time does the train arrive?” Alice asked, pulling out her pocket watch and glancing at the time.

“What time is it now?” he asked.

“5”

“Then it’s Whitechapel for us,” he smiled back at her.

Alice forced a smile back, “You’re not planning on walking all the way there?”

“Oh, no. I just want to check something out first,” he said, as he held back for her to catch up. “Charlie says there have been recent murders in the area and I intend to find out.”

Alice’s face grew grim, she just wanted to get back to the train and use the chamber pot in privacy. She hated using public toilets, as they were always so filthy.

Jacob rounded the corner that led to an old abandoned factory. He slipped inside and heard talking coming from upstairs, Alice followed him in and they both headed up the stairs.

“Another one for the grave digger.”

“Yea’ keep this up and they’ll be no fucker left in London.”

“Shut your fucking gob, they all deserved it!”

Jacob used his eagle vision and found that there was more than just three in that room. He stuck up 6 fingers and a thumb. Alice nodded and took a breath the steady herself. She prayed that she’d get through this without any kind of accident. Her bladder was getting dangerously full and was really starting to let her know.

Jacob headed over to the door, he turned the knob and quickly through in a smoke bomb. The Blighters yelled out in shock and tried to run, although they couldn’t see much of where they were going and bumped into each other. Jacob headed on in and took them out. Alice stayed outside and took the ones that had managed to escape.

She hadn’t noticed that a brute had been watching from up top. He slowly and quietly made his way down stairs, sneaking up behind Alice, as she was just finishing of another Blighter. The brute took hold of her, an arm around her neck. She yelped as he tightened his grip, and as a small amount of pee escaped, luckily it was only a bit and she managed to control herself. She quickly ended the brute with her hidden blade right through his eye.

She quick retracted the blade and jammed a hand down between her legs, as yet another wave of desperation hit. She breathed deeply, just as Jacob headed out. He quickly ran over to her.

“Are you alright?” he asked concerned.

Alice quickly regained her posture, “Fine, just winded.”

Jacob nodded, “Alright, let’s start heading back.”

Alice smiled weakly and steadily followed him back downstairs. She cringed when another wave hit her hard. She stopped and held herself, before catching up with Jacob.

“I’ll go get us a carriage,” he smirked, before running off.

He came back a few minutes later. Alice was now stood deathly still. She dare not move, until Jacob brought her out of it.

“You sure you’re alright?” he asked, looking down on her.

She was starting to look a little pale, with all the holding.

She gave him a reassuring nod and took his hand, as he helped her up into the seat next to him. She let out a gasp as yet another small amount of pee escaped her.

Jacob gave her a puzzled look.

“It’s the bitter, gone straight to my head.” She lied, as she quickly sat down.

Jacob smiled at her and whipped the reins. How long was she going to keep this from him, before it was too late. It wasn’t long until she was at full squirm. Jacob looked to her with concern.

“Can’t get comfortable,” she smiled, as she held her legs together, trying desperately not to give herself away.

Soon she knew that she’d have to start holding herself, she turned away as she bit her lip. Wishing that she’d got in the back instead now.

She rocked a little more. She really didn’t want to have to hold herself in front of her lover. But she had no other choice now.

“Do you want me to pull over?” Jacob asked, picking up on what was wrong.

Alice shook her head, “No, I want to get back to the train.”

“It’s still a way off!”

“I don’t care!” she snapped, tears welling in her eyes now.

Jacob shrugged and ushered the horses on at a faster pace. Alice had now taken to holding herself, she whined as the pressure was intensifying. Jacob looked to her in sympathy.

“You can hold it,” He reassured, squeezing her leg.

“I…I can’t!” she whimper.

“Yes, you can.” Jacob told her.

“It’s too far, I can’t hold it that long!” she sobbed, bending over, as she jammed her hands in harder.

Jacob rubbed her back with his free hand, as he whipped the reins harder with his other.

“Nearly there,” he informed her.

Alice let out a cry, as she felt a trickle slowly start leaving her. Jacob just kept on soothing her, by rubbing her back softly.

“Don’t hurt yourself,” he warned.

Once started there was no stopping it, Alice broke down in tears, as she could no longer hold back the flood. Jacob pulled the horse to a stopped just over the bridge. He wasn’t going to take her directly to the station where people could have a good gawp at her.

Alice was still bent over, her hands still wedged between her legs, as she sobbed loudly. All her piss was now running down off the seat onto the foot area and off the side of the carriage. As well as seeping in through Jacob’s coat and into his trousers.

She just couldn’t stop crying, even when she’d finally finished. Jacob grabbed hold of her and pulled her up, into his arms. She resisted against him at first, but gave in and sobbed into his chest.

He stroked back her hair and kissed her softly on the head.

“You know that I pissed myself a little before you helped me out,” he explained.

Alice’s sobbed finally calmed, after a while. She sniffed as he told her and smiled.

“But…I’ve….got….us….both….wet….now.” She sniffed.

“Well we can always get a bath at Greenies.”

Alice sniffled and nodded.

“Greenies it is then,” he smiled, before whipping the reins once again, as they headed off to Henry Greens place.

Luckily Evie was there as they headed on in, Jacob with an arm around Alice as he took her inside. Evie looked up to see them both.

“What happened?” she asked.

“Alice had a little accident,” Jacob explained. “So we’re both in need of a bath and clean clothes.”

Evie gave a nod of understanding and took Alice through the back, for a bath.

After the pair were once again clean, Jacob made sure not to overdo it again at the pub and Alice made sure to let him know next time.

###

More than likely I will have to read through for mistakes, I was in a rush to get it up.

*002*2016-06-06 16:30

{{On 15/05/2016 at 6:39 AM, Dracon said:

Scool man happens to me too

}}

Haha yeah, I had a desperate time writing this too.

