1.5k words of Tighnari from Genshin Impact pretending to look at plants but actually he's pissing himself

Author: jankyJayyy

*000*2022-10-28 16:54

Tighnari needs to piss. It's so pressing its nearly all he can think about. He needs to piss now.

The thing is… is that he doesn't want to piss.

He pauses his inspection of a local flowering fern to readjust his sash -pulling it tighter to press against his bladder- and to reiterate that there are just one or two more flora to make notes on.

If Tighnari sits for a few minutes, contorted like a pretzel and holding back whimpers, no one has to know. His fingers are still slick from trying to stop the leak which did not happen and he ignores how he has yet to uncurl, experimentally wiggling his hips to savor the wet friction against his cock.

He rubs the area just above it, fingers barely grazing the base because grabbing and squeezing will lead to getting distracted and playing with himself. Steeling himself against the onslaught of urgency, he digs the pads of his fingers into his stomach to prolong it.

Against his will a trickle of piss escapes. It tingled wherever it travels and is followed by a gush that has Tighnari's tail between his legs. The heels of his hands provide further help in pressing his dick with enough force to stop the flow.

And he can't dribble. It's late enough so there's no one on this specific trail now but there's still some foot traffic. It's unlikely that someone would link a small puddle they may not even notice to him. Still, he doesn't want to take the chance.

The next area he wants to check on is off the beaten trail and that solves that issue.

Getting there involves more of a waddle-hop than a walk with a few pauses to squirm disguised at looking at the foilage. The next plant he wants to check is quite a rare species, and he’s been tracking them to figure out what caused the recent decline in local population (it’s always the withering).

He lowers himself to his hands and knees to smell the small bundles of lily-like bouquets in front of them.

The wind picks up, trees brushing above and cooling the wetness clinging to his inner thigh. He shudders and shunts forward, the gravelly grass digging into his cheek. A wave of warmth encompasses the cool spot and glides down his thighs. He barely catches himself in time before it trickled onto the ground.

He wastes no time in standing up with a bit too much bounce and looking about to scout for people- plants- the next plant.

At least there’s nobody around to witness his desperation. He can piss, but not yet.

He rubs his thighs, clenching as his bladder didn’t want to register the ‘not yet’. There’s a high chance that he leaked again, his pants feel more waterlogged than they did a few seconds ago.

Against his will, his hand tries to venture to the waist band of his pants- and he lets them for a second, grabbing at his cock to give him a few seconds of relief- but then it starts to feel too good and he starts stroking and rubbing and-

He still has more plants to look at.

Glancing at his notebook to both steel himself and to remind him what to look for - an interesting type of vine that used wind as its primary germination method- leading to lots of cotton ball puffs floating past and glowing in the twilight. During their blooming months they made the forest serene and recently he's contemplated cultivating specific strains of differing colours. They favoured trees and are easily spotted by the large clumps of pastel seeds spilling out from between the junction of tree branches.

It didn’t take him long to find a patch, but by now he was absolutely writhing on the spot, trying to get some sort of relief.

He stares up at it. This one is growing rather high. A quick glance around to look for any lower growing clumps - and those he can see are too far away to conceivably walk in the condition he’s in.

His bladder drops at the harsh reminder - the thinly veiled distraction of the plant before him shattered- and he drops his notebook in favour of grabbing his cock and squeezing. Not that it helps much but it helps him mentally get ahold of himself. He still has a job to do.

He inches over and wipes his hands dry on his hips, grabbing the notebook that he’d dropped in his earlier desperation.

Now that his mind is gathered he can take notes on the plant in front of him. His finger prods at the seeds. They're very soft, just like cotton. Can be used as a source for making textiles? The seeds are certainly soft and clumpy enough. And whatever fabric these can make should be soft and absorbent.

Tighnari really needs to piss. While not as full as he was a few minutes ago his desperation has only increased.

It would feel euphoric to let himself go into his hypothetical fabric. Not even everything. Just a spurt or two to test it out. Would it absorb his piss quickly or would it linger against his head as it idly soaked in?

Loosening his control ever-so-gently, Tighnari lets a spurt out, just enough to feel it against his crotch. Mmm it feels good. He slowly increases the force, and relaxes, listening to it gush.

But - and he goes straight back to grabbing his crotch - there are still notes to be made. Bouncing on his toes and grinding his thighs he inspects the plant.

Without thinking he grabs his pencil from his pocket and begins to scribble. When he’s just about finished his observations he is drawn back to his body with a shiver and a gasping breath.

Piss bursts out of him and floods his pants, falling to the ground with the steady pattering that's unique to rainforest storms. He nibbles on his lower lip and glares at his crotch - fuck, his stream is so strong he can just about see it coming through his pants.

He drops into a crouch, the sudden movement enough to shock his system into stopping and he takes advantage of that. Jamming his hands against his cock he fights to hold it back.

It’s a losing battle though.

He shifts into a squat, hands clutching his knees for balance.

Piss streams out, his legs wide enough for the piss to spurt away from his body, striking a dark line into the dirt below him. Clenching his muscles, he manages to slow to a dribble, but not a complete stop.

Barely a moment later a second spurt overwhelms him and gushes out. Tears fill Tighnari's vision and his ears lay flat against his head, coincidentally honing in on the sounds of himself losing control.

Grunting he tries again and his body betrays him by not even stopping his piss slightly.

Drooping over, he breathes deeply, trying to catch his breath. Each time he breaths in he pitches forward slightly, hunting after friction against himself. Now that his first need is going another is taking its place.

He resigns himself to no touching and shuffles over to the nearest tree. Lapse under control, he’s going to continue with his work.

Leaning against it and using his semi-drawn up knees as a table he continues his farce of writing notes.

Even after all that pissing he feels so full. And every time he shifts even slightly, its like an equivalent amount of piss gets forced out. Pushing the edge of his nokebook against his bladder he gasps as the torrent starts anew.

This time he knows there really is no stopping it. And he can work while he pisses anyways - that’s practicality at its finest. Using all his willpower he at least calms down the flow until it tickles his head, along with his balls and ass as it drips down.

At some point he grabs himself again, with enough force and intention to stem the flow. Right now he feels so on edge, the need to piss rises up again, sheer desperation just from being denied the right to finish emptying himself.

It’s overwhelming and his breath shudders. He presses the heel of his hand into his bladder sharply and whines at how needy he feels. For hours he’s felt restless and it’s being bubbling within him, begging for release. Stroking himself, he continues to jab his own bladder every now and then.

He can’t take it anymore- it’s too much- he needs release and he needs it now- he loosens his grip for a few seconds and the sheer relief is delectable. Without even realizing he’d been building up to it, he’s coming as well and he’s barely even touched himself.

For a good few minutes he has to lean with his back head against the tree, focusing on his breathing, the forest, and himself still pissing. Even with the stream tapering off he’s antsy - it won’t be soon until he’s full again.

In the meantime he refocuses on his notebook and continues to write notes down.

###

This was inspired by one of my animations and my power being out

*002*2022-10-28 21:49

{{4 hours ago, DOUBLEKILL said:

That is pretty damn nice story tho

}}

Thanks mate~

