Naomi`s Story - A Day in the Life of a Wetting Model

Author: JMatthews1995

*000*2021-01-22 17:08

The day started earlier that any other day. I woke up at 06:30am drank 2 large glasses of water and showered quickly. It almost seemed pointless showering, knowing what I was doing that day, but it just didn't feel right if I didn't bother.

I packed my outfits for the day. I had been told I was doing two piss videos, and 3 wetting videos so I chose my clothes wisely. Knowing my schedule I made sure to pack 3 pairs of panties, (one for each wetting), 2 spare pairs of leggings, a spare pair of jeans, and for the pissing scenes I chose my normal favourite outfit.

I dressed that morning wearing pink panties, a pair of fishnet tights, a nice black skirt, and a pair of high top converse. Shoes were often the main issue doing filming days as I didn't have much room to carry any in by bag. This time I planned to make the Converse last for the two piss videos and a wetting video, and then change into a comfy pair of ankle boots for the last two wetting vids. I don't mind getting wet feet and shoes, just so long as they stay warm! Ballet flats always end up freezing cold!

I packed all the clothes into my bag, hopped into the car and headed to the meeting point. The first stop was a motorway services where they could make me drink a couple of coffee's and get my huge bladder full ready for my first piss scene of the day. I always get really excited on the way to filming days. It's so much fun to enjoy my fetish in such a naughty way, not to mention one that pays well!

When I got to the services I could already feel my bladder getting rather full. I always make sure to drink plenty before leaving the house as it helps get into the filming a lot quicker. I sat my self down with Dee, who was playing camera girl for the day. She already had my favourite coffee waiting. It was a nice large mocha. We sat and chatted, I finished off my drink and announced that my bladder was nice and full ready for my first pee scene.

I think Dee likes working with me, she says I make it so easy and because I'm so relaxed she knows we'll always get good shots. I did tell her I get genuinely turned on by making her videos so I am sure she hasn't forgotten.

I was totally bursting at the start of the first video. They decided it was going to be a parking lot pee video where we would rush into the services, I'd jump out the car and pee onto the car park. It didn't quite go to plan! We left the services and began filming as another girl call Andreea drove us around. It was all okay at first, I sat in the back, grabbing myself, squirming doing a little wiggle, an then Andreea announced that there was traffic.

Now, by this point, I was genuinely really full. Proper bursting. Andreea was worried she was about to see her car seat get soaked. Dee on the other hand knew full well how strong my pee muscles were so, to keep up the fun of the video, she began teasing me about how full I was. Honestly, as achy as my bladder was at this point, the little tummy pokes she was giving me was turning me on. She kept grabbing my knee and pulling my legs apart and filming close up between my legs, hoping to catch a little wet patch forming. I was trying not to laugh at this point. Andreea was trying not to yell at Dee in case I pissed in her car.

Finally the traffic moved! We quickly circled back to the services and Andreea pulled the car up at the far end of the car park. Dee dived out before me and it was at this point I felt a jet of piss spray into my panties. She quickly put the camera close up between my legs and I grabbed my pink panties under my skirt and managed to pull them to the side. That is easier said than done when you're wearing fishnets I can tell you!

The second my panties were out the way of my damp pussy I burst open, spraying a forceful jet of pee out into a huge puddle on the car park. It was so powerful it splashed all over the tops of my converse and Dee's feet! She laughed it off, she was used to getting wet when I finally loose control!

At the end of the torrent, Dee likes to film the damage, she panned the camera around at the puddle on the floor, showed the little glistening speckles on the top of her feet, and then panned the camera up between my legs. She always gets a lovely close up of my cute little pussy with little wet drips glistening on my lips. She then asked my to pull my panties back across, so I did. The wet material doesn't bother me, in fact I quite enjoy it. She then got a nice close up of my damp panties for the viewers and I pulled them up nice and tight so it wedgied my pussy. Luckily, I had managed to keep my skirt from getting wet. Not sure how I managed that!

Stood next to the car I quickly grabbed my bag, pulled out some fresh panties and changed. I always bring a towel that I can put on the floor so I can keep my feet clean. So I grabbed it, thew it on the floor, slipped my converse off and pulled my fishnets down. Dee decided she was going to film me changing as she always loves the added naughtiness of me not cleaning up properly after a wetting. I loved it too so I quickly slipped my wet panties down, pulled the fresh pair up and put my fishnets and converse back on.

That was the first piss, and wetting, of the day complete!

*001*2021-01-22 20:38

Between the videos we usually got to a pub or beer garden. We found a nice pub and ordered some drinks. I find that drinking shandy, the half larger half lemonade drink, gets my bladder fullest the fastest. We took the chance to get some brunch while we were there as well. It's hungry work having a full bladder! There is never anywhere to shower and I never bother with baby wipes or anything as to be honest, it gets me in a horny mood if I'm messy! Dee loves teasing my between shoots. Always asking how my little pissy pussy is feeling, and remarking that people might smell the pee. I'm not that bothered. I know full well no one would notice in a pub.

Anyway, we were in the pub for about 2 hours waiting for my bladder to fill back up. I have a huge bladder, but the amount I drink during these filming days is rather a lot and I can fill it up nice and quickly too. The next pee video was going to be a starting and stopping video. I love these ones as I get to really stress my little pee muscles and see just how strong my pussy is at holding back a full bladder!

Dee and Andreea knew a good place to go for the next video. So we all hopped in the car, my bladder getting rather full by now, and headed off down to a local lake. It would be quiet today as it was a week day, and there were plenty of spots around the lake in the forests where Dee could torture my poor pussy muscles!

We found the perfect place to park and walked into the forest. I was filling up nicely by this point. Dee knew there was a nice bench around and we hurried to find it. She was right, it was a freshly put in bench. Nice and clean, the area was quiet, and I was happy, so we set up the camera, and then relaxed for a bit while I topped off my bladder with a bottle of lemonade.

Andreea is a right tease as well! She walked off a bit at one point and squat right in view of me. I watched her piss and felt my own bladder throb. She just smiled at me during the whole minute off pee relief she was enjoying! Dee had a good laugh as I grabbed myself tightly between my legs. She managed to snap a quick photo of me while I was sat holding myself. She said it'd look good for my model photo on their website. I have to admit, I do look cute in it!

After about 30 minutes or so I decided it was time to start filming. I let Dee know and she got the camera rolling. I was bursting by this point and desperate for some relief. It was also super exciting to do my favourite scene type as well. I sat on the bench, lifted my legs up in the air, and pulled my fishnets and panties down. Well up, actually I suppose as my legs were up.

I was having to hold my naked pussy at this point to stop any premature pissing from happening. I heard the start request from Dee and took my hand away, allowing the piss to start spraying out of me. Literally 3 seconds after I'd starting pissing she demanded that I stop. I quickly clenched, and grabbed my naked pussy tight again, slamming my pee hole shut tight. She didn't let me start again straight away, instead she zoomed in on my soaked pussy and asked me to spread my wet lips a bit. Dee loves getting close up shots of my soaked little pussy. A lot of the fans comment that I have a really sexy pussy and that it's so hot that I don't care how pissy it gets.

Anyway, she shouted to start again and once again the torrent erupted from my pussy. I managed to stop the flow 2 or 3 more times, but eventually my pussy muscles gave up. She shouted for me to stop, I tried to clench, but nothing happened. That was my favourite part. I love the feeling of grabbing my pussy, trying to force it to stop leaking. It made a right mess as the pee sprayed through between my fingers!

Dee seemed happy with the results. She waved at me, signalling to take my hand away from my pussy. She zoomed in and got a good shot of the glistening pee on my pussy, and then zoomed back out. We have hand signals for stuff you see, she gestured for me to pull my panties back up, so I did. I felt the fabric absorb the pee from my soaked pussy. It felt good. She got a nice close up of a little wet patch on my blue panties, and I'd managed to end up soaking my skirt some how! It didn't matter though as I had some leggings I could change into. The video turned out great as well!

*003*2021-01-22 21:18

{{12 minutes ago, Barefoot247 said:

Please upload some video.

}}

I wish I had video. This is a story. Based on what it would be like to spend a day doing videos for a website like LoveWetting or something.

*004*2021-01-22 21:31

Once again I found myself sitting in a beer garden, drinking pints of shandy. They don't get my drunk, I just get a bit tipsy and relaxed, and they fill my bladder really quickly.

Dee and Andreea outlined their next plan. I was going to be doing a full wetting video, but they set me a challenge that once I was full, I had to walk across town to an old abandoned building where I was to wet myself. I love that type of challenge. It's so scary but thrilling knowing I might wet myself in the middle of the town!

Dee is pretty good at planning the routes. She sends me through some busy places, but then finds quiet areas as well so if I am about to loose it and she can see I am genuinely scared of wetting in front of people she can hurry me onto the next quiet place.

Anyway, we left the pub and started walking as soon as my bladder was feeling full. I didn't realise just how full I was until I'd fully stood up straight. I remember feeling my bladder throb as the band of my leggings tightened around it. Either way, I had to make it the next 20 minutes or so.

The walk was torture. Dee and Andreea kept filming my closely. They caught some super cute footage of my face when I winced as wave after wave of desperation over powered me. I gave up on the idea of keeping some dignity and literally hobbled along with my hand pressed against my pussy for the whole town to see. My poor little pee hole was already worn out from being forced to stop and start in the video I did before.

Somehow I managed to make it most of the way through the town. About 2 minutes from the planned wetting location my pussy gave up. I felt a hot jet of pee spray into my panties and leggings. Dee stood in front of me and filmed the front, and Andreea filmed from behind. I pleased them both, though, by regaining control! I have no idea how I did it. I just focused like crazy and somehow managed to clamp my little pussy shut again. I was amazed!

I began shuffling again, and then got myself into a brisk walk. I was amazed that no more pee escaped but in a couple of minutes we were at the location. It was quiet luckily!

I stood there with my hand clamped over my wet pussy. The wet panties and leggings pressed against me was definitely not helping me hold. Dee got a close up shot of the front of my leggings, then asked me to pull them down. As soon as I took my hand away, a jet of pee sprayed into my leggings. I quickly pulled them down and Dee put the camera right in front of my pussy. She filmed the pee flooding from between my pussy lips and splashing into my pulled down panties and leggings. It was a great video!

Andreea was filming from behind. She videoed the pee pouring down my legs and drenching my converse. My little feet were so hot and wet. It felt incredible after being so desperate.

For the last bit of the pee I pulled my panties and leggings back up and just let it flow properly into them, before pulling them down one last time to show off my soaked pussy to the camera. Andreea pulled my towel out of her bag and handed me a fresh pair of panties and leggings. I quickly slid my converse off, tipped the pee out and pulled my wet legging and panties fully off.

I loved that part of the video as Andreea got a close up of my soaked little bare feet and then got a close up of my pussy from behind as I bent over to pull my fresh panties up. As I slid them up over my pussy a little damp patch appeared on them.

I quickly pulled my fresh leggings up. I asked Dee for my fresh boots, but she had forgotten them, so I shoved my little feet back into my pissy converse and we set out back to the car. Andreea made sure she filmed a close up as I slid my glistening wet feet back into my shoes. I think she likes my little feet. They were still rather damp when we arrived at the next pub that we planned to spend time in while I filled my bladder ready for my 4th pissy adventure!

*005*2021-01-23 10:17

Once we got to the nearest pub I walked straight through to the beer garden. I was getting wary that people might be able to smell pee a little, specially as I was still in my damp converse! Anyway, Dee bought my favourite drink out again and I began gulping it down once again. She also gave me some little electrolyte tablets to stop me from loosing all my minerals from drinking so much. I think they are ones you use after exercising a lot.

Once again, I filled my bladder quickly, and Andreea declared the next location and challenge. It sounded great fun. We were going to a large area under a motorway overpass. It was really remote and no one ever came past. It was one of my favourite places to film. She also told me that the challenge was going to be an obstacle course! I always love doing those ones!

I remember the walk to the location being quite far this time, about 25 minutes or so. We passed the car and grabbed some extra clothes. It was a quiet walk though and we didn't see many people. Lucky really considering how desperate I had got myself. I was having to keep stopping to grab myself and regain a bit of composure. Andreea and Dee started filming me just in case I had a genuine accident. Of course, they did keep encouraging my to hold it though as they didn't want the obstacle course wasted.

I managed to reach the location, we began filming straight away. Andreea showed the course I was supposed to go through. It was mostly old car tyres spread apart, wide enough to make me have to spread my legs. There was then a long metal balance beam they had created from bricks and an old metal beam. The most challenging looking obstacle was the make shift hurdles they had made. They used road cones and put little wooden planks over them. The challenge would be to step over each one without knocking the wood off the cones. Very difficult!

Dee gave me the signal to start the course. She knew full well I was minutes from pissing myself at this point. I scurried myself to the balance beam. This was harder than it looked, every time I fell off I had to start again. It was pure torture as every time I felt a wave of desperation I ended up dropping off the beam!

I think it was like the 4th attempt when I suddenly started loosing control. I felt sideways off the beam and had to spread my legs wide to stop me falling over. As soon as I did I felt a huge hot spurt of piss spray into my panties and leggings. Andreea was straight in for a close up shot, Dee asked if I could get it under control. The shot Dee got was amazing. It was from behind with the camera pointing up between my legs. You could see the grey material turning dark and then my fingers come from the front and grabbing my pussy tightly. The pee was spraying between my figners and dripping to the ground. Some how I managed to stop the flow, but it was pure torture for my little pee hole.

Dee told me to have another go at the course. I had actually managed to release some pressure by wetting myself a bit so I dived onto the balance beam and scurried across as fast as possible. I should have gone for the fast method the first time, but I don't think I'd have been able to keep my pee in.

The tyres were a totally different level of challenge. I stepped into the first one, then realised just how far the second one was. I swung my leg over to it, spreading my legs wide. I felt another hot jet of pee spray into my panties and soak my pussy. I quickly grabbed myself tight and managed to clamp my flow off. I basically passed this obstacle by letting out one huge spurt per step. Reaching the end I had a wet patch that had spread down the inside of my legs, to my knees. Dee and Andreea had some fantastic shots of my pee dripping from my leggings and making little puddles on the concrete.

The final challenge was a seriously tough one. The road cones were the perfect height for the wooden beam to be right up between my legs as I climbed over. I managed to get over the first 2, but on the 3rd I lost it. I lifted my leg over and was straddling the beam when my pee muscles just gave up. Torrents of hot pee flooded into my panties and leggings and poured into my converse. It felt like heaven after all the torture my poor pussy had put up with! Andreea stood in front of me and Dee behind. Filming the flood of pee pouring down my legs.

Andreea grabbed the waist band of my panties and leggings and pulled them away from my tummy. She pointed the camera down the front. This was a great shot as you could see my naked pussy and the huge flood of piss spraying out of it into my panties! Such a sexy bit of video.

I clambered off the obstacle and stood next to it as they filmed the damage on my leggings, and then a good close up shot of my drenched converse. I told them I had more left in my bladder and Dee said to pull my panties and leggings half way down so they could get a sexy shot of my pussy peeing down my thighs. I love how sexy my pussy looked in this shot. All puffy and cute looking as she sprayed the remaining pee down the inside of my thighs.

Once I'd finished, they filmed me changing again. I was a right mess this time. I put my towel on the floor, pulled my converse off my soaked little feet, and peeled my leggings down. I only had one pair of panties left though by now, and as I wanted to drive home in dry underwear I had no choice but to keep these pissed ones on. Dee grabbed my panties, pulled them to the side, and got a close up shot of my pussy. She made a comment about how pissy scented it was now. The viewers love knowing I'm a naughty mess!

I pulled my fresh jeans up over my soaked panties. Dee and Andreea loved this as the viewers enjoy knowing I haven't changed my wet panties. I then shoved my pissy feet into my lovely comfortable ankle boots and we headed off again to another pub garden for more drinks.

*006*2021-01-23 13:36

While we were in the beer garden, Andreea asked if we could film a naughty little bonus scene. It was quiet in the garden so I agreed. We ordered some food and sat waiting for it to come. While we were waiting, Andreea and I went to the toilet. Not for a pee of course, but to show off my damp little panties! Dee stood outside to make sure no one came in, and I stood in the toilets and unzipped my tight jeans. I slid them down to around my knees and showed off my damp patch on my orange panties. Andreea got a nice close up, so I pulled my panties to the side and let her comment on how pissy my pussy must be after doing so many videos. I spread my puffy lips open and showed off my little pink clit and pissy little pee hole. She loved it! I then pulled my jeans back up nice and tight, zipped them up, and she filmed me walking back to the table in the garden. She managed to sneak a naughty comment in about whether the waitress would be able to smell my pissy pussy! I just laughed it off.

We had some lovely food, and I made sure to once again drink plenty. The last challenge was just a pure bladder torture challenge. Usually during these videos I would have my bladder squeezed, my pussy grabbed and tickled, I'd be made to squat and jump around etc. Anything that would make my little pee hole spray pee into my panties. This type of video wasn't my favourite, but viewers love them and I always get really good comments on them.

As soon as we were happy with how full my bladder was, we started walking back to the same location as before. It was again quite a challenging walk! My poor bladder was totally worn out by this point, my pee muscles were verging on giving up and my poor little pussy and feet were rather pissy scented by now! I was glad it was the last video of the day as I was worn out!

We got back to the site under the overpass. My little puddle from a few hours before was nearly dried. Just like my panties. Again, to show off how naughty I had been Dee made me pull my jeans down and show off my orange panties that I was still wearing. She then asked me to pull them down and showed off my pissy pussy to the camera and made a comment about how stinky it was getting now. I laughed it off and quickly pulled them back up as the cool evening breeze was threatening to make me piss right there and then!

We began the torture challenge about 15 minutes after arriving, basically waiting for my poor bladder to be topped off with pee before starting. My first challenge was to squat down into a very low squat, but while keeping my panties and jeans up. This one was always a tough one, and to start with it was definitely torturous! I dropped into the squat position, my legs were spread rather wide and my bladder squished by my thighs. I felt my pee muscles spasm, but I forced them to stay shut! I wasn't giving in on the first challenge. That was for sure!

My next challenge was to have my bladder squeezed. For this one, Dee put her camera down and stood behind me. She wrapped her arms around me from behind and started gently squeezing my tummy tightly. Each squeeze I felt my pee hole twitch as the huge bulge of pee tried to force its way out. I kept fighting the waves of desperation, when suddenly Dee really upped the pressure. She squeezed really tight with one hand and tickled me under my arm with the other. I laughed and spasmed. A huge spurt of piss sprayed into my panties. I went to grab my self but she pulled my arm away, leaving my poor little pee hole to regain control on its own.

I closed my eyes, clenched all my muscles and forced my little pee hole shut tight again. Andreea brought the camera nice and close between my legs and Dee unzipped my jeans while her arms were round me. I pulled them down and Dee pulled my pissy panties up tight at the front, the fabric slipped up between my wet little pussy lips revealing most of my pussy to the camera. I quivered with desperation as Andreea filmed a few more little drips falling from my wet panties.

I pulled my jeans back up and we moved onto the next challenge. I had to do 15 star jumps. Much easier said than done when you have a pulsating full bladder trying to empty itself. I managed 3 and had to stop and clench my muscles tightly. Dee shouted for me to start again and I did. Each star jump jolted my poor bladder and put pressure on my worn out little pee muscles. It was inevitable that I wasn't going to make it through this task so I just went for it! I smashed through 15 star jumps. By the 2nd my pee hole had given up the fight and was sending a torrent of piss spraying into my panties and jeans. A river of pee flowed down the inside of both of my legs and poured into my little ankle boots. As soon as I finished the 15th, I grabbed my pussy tight and forced it to regain control of what was left in my bladder.

Dee and Andreea panned the cameras around, getting good angles of my wet patches from each direction. I unzipped one of my boots and pulled it off, tipping the flood of pee out of it onto the floor. Andreea filmed me pouring it, and Dee filmed my soaked little bare foot that I was holding off the ground. I quickly slipped my boot back on and then did the same with the other. Then told Dee and Andreea I still had quite a lot of pee in my bladder.

They decided to tease me a little. Again Dee put her camera down, and left Andreea to film. Dee made me pull my jeans down to my knees and present my wet panties to the camera. Stood behind me she pulled them down, revealing my poor soaked little pussy. It was then that I felt her hand on my pussy. I didn't mind of course, I've done plenty of lesbian scenes in my time. She massaged my pissy lips for the camera, and then slid her fingers between them and spread them open, showing my pissy clit and pee hole off to the camera.

She asked me to begin peeing. So I did as I was told. As I pissed she massaged it all over my pussy and made sure it splashed all down my thighs and into my pulled down jeans and panties. As the last few drips trickled out of my pussy, Andreea placed the camera right in front of my pussy. What a shot that turned out to be! When I watched the scene back the next day it turned me on like crazy!

Once the scene had been finished, I realised how little fresh clothes I had left to change into! I only had fresh panties left at this point. They filmed me getting undressed. I was stood naked from the waist down. Dee passed me my fresh panties, handed my my fishnet tights and then the skirt I had got wet before. It was dry by now so there was no problem wearing it. I didn't have any fresh shoes so I just tipped as much pee out of my boots as I could and put them back on over my fishnets.

Finally the day was done, all the filming was complete, and I could head off home. It had turned out a great day. The problem was, having drank so much shandy through the day I didn't think it wise to drive home. I managed to find myself a hotel nearby which was a reasonable price. Booked in online and settled in for the night. It was 10:30pm by the time I got to the hotel and finally, after nearly 13 hours of being a pissy mess I had chance to shower and clean up my pissy pussy and cute little feet. It felt incredible. What a day I had!

*007*2021-02-05 17:01

Would love to write another like this but I am not sure how I could make it much different to this one!

