The Slurping

Author: Jimmy Olsen

*000*2019-11-14 12:40

As Cassie huddled under the covers with nerves that couldn't be calmed and a bladder that couldn't be emptied she thought about how she'd ended up in this predicament. The root cause was her love of sweets.

It was Halloween so she was looking forward to getting lots of candy. She was even dressed up like candy. She thought she looked sweet, but her mother thought she needed more wrappings. She said she was an adult and could go out dressed however she wanted. Her mom said if she wasn't a kid anymore she shouldn't go trick or treating anymore. They argued until Cassie agreed she was too old for trick or treat and her mom agreed to let her wear that outfit to the Halloween party. In her mind she didn't agree however.

As soon as her mother and her little sister left for trick or treat Cassie left out the back door headed in the opposite direction and did the same. She got lots of compliments and lots of treats. There were many boys and men handing out candy who felt very generous when they saw her in her costume. She came home with a bulging bag of sweets. After staring at it proudly for a moment she headed off to the party. She was saving the junk food until after everyone had seen her slim figure in her delicious costume.

She was distressed when she got home and couldn't find her bag. She was infuriated when she saw her sister Hallie eating candy she specifically remembered collecting herself. She started to scold the little girl, but found herself being scolded by her mother. She had combined Cassie's candy with Hallie's because the older girl wasn't supposed to be out collecting candy at all. Cassie went to her room to sulk and found herself planning revenge.

There was no way to get her candy back without getting herself into trouble, but she could punish the little brat who was eating that candy. She decided to tell her ghost stories that were way too intense for her simple little mind. After all it was Halloween, the perfect night to give a kid nightmares. Best case scenario she would wet the bed and get screamed at and humiliated by their mother.

Cassie came out of her room and pretended she was over the candy drama like the mature adult she was. She made herself and Hallie root beer floats and they went up into the attic and told ghost stories with only a flashlight to protect them from the spooks. Their mother was glad to see the girls bonding like this so she didn't scold Cassie for giving Hallie pop before bed. She even let the little girl stay up way past her bedtime. After all Halloween only came once a year and she might as well enjoy it to its fullest. Little did the woman know the horrors Cassie was filling that innocent child's head with as she sucked syrupy sweet soda from a straw.

After an hour or so Cassie had terrified Hallie with tales of grisly murders and accidental manglings and ghosts that prowled this very neighborhood, but now it was time for the grand finale. Drawing from a nightmare she'd had years ago Cassie of the thing known only as the Slurping Terror. She let Hallie meditate on that name while she went downstairs and topped off their floats. She came back up and described the Slurping Terror in nauseating detail.

It was a slimy thing with lots of legs and feelers and mouthparts. It lived in the sewer. It moved around with a slurping sound. It could squeeze through crevices and pipes. A slurping noise would be heard somewhere, but the hapless humans wouldn't know what it was or where it was coming from until it emerged from whatever nook or cranny it was slurping its way through. It could come out a vent or a drain or even a toilet. When it found a victim it latched onto them and slurped their soft organs out of the nearest available hole.

Hallie swallowed the tale as easily as she swallowed the soda pop. She asked if the Slurping Terror could fit underneath a closed door. Cassie said she didn't know, but maybe one night she'd find out. With that Cassie abruptly announced that it was time to call it a night, telling Hallie to slurp down the rest of her float quickly before their mom took it away. She put her sister to bed and neither one of them brought up the idea of going potty before going to sleep. Cassie wished her sweet dreams while inwardly wishing her bladder-draining nightmares. The older girl sat up a while thinking about her own clever stories before she retired to her own bed.

When Cassie awoke her bladder was killing her. She heard the old clock in the den chiming midnight. She also heard something else. A sort of slurping sound. She told herself it was a normal noise in this old house. It still scared her enough that she got back under the covers after walking a few paces toward the bathroom. She crossed her legs and waited for the noise to go away, but it didn't. It gradually grew louder and louder. It seemed to be oozing and shuffling toward her bedroom. Soon it seemed to come from right outside the door.

Cassie gasped and nearly whizzed when she heard loud footsteps. She started to calm down when she realized they were Hallie's. She'd made it safely to the bathroom after all. Cassie scolded herself for getting so scared over nothing. She was twice Hallie's age but wasn't acting like it.

After the toilet flushed and the little footsteps went away Cassie tiptoed toward the bathroom. She opened her bedroom door, but slammed it shut in an instant. She'd seen something moving in the shadows. Something dark and wet and glistening. Something that could make a slurping sound as it moved.

She ran back to bed and shielded herself with bedding. Under the covers she curled into a little ball with her hands pressed tightly between her legs. Her bladder hurt more than it ever had in her life, but she couldn't bring herself to empty it. Somewhere in the house the slurping sound resumed. It seemed to come from different places at once. There was even a noise right under her bed. She didn't know how she was going to survive the night.

*002*2019-11-15 22:34

{{8 hours ago, Bangarang said:

I enjoyed this story, hoping for a part two!

}}

Thanks! I don't know where to go from here however. I wrote this for the "Tiny Stories and Poems" thread so it was supposed to end without resolution or relief.

*003*2019-12-31 21:22

She didn't know how long she lay there like that before something happened. She felt weight on top of the covers, and then something cold and sharp penetrating her ankle. She flinched from the sting, but afterwards she couldn't move at all. Something was rubbing and tickling the right side of her abdomen near her waistband. There were tingling feelings and slurping sounds. Were her vital organs being removed? Was she dying? Her bloodstream was filled with adrenaline and her heart was pumping like mad, but somehow she couldn't make a single conscious movement to defend herself. Her lungs were working faster and faster, but somehow she couldn't find the breath to scream.

Suddenly she was freed. She let out a squeaky half-scream as she flailed around and fell out of bed. She stuck her hand where the thing had been working her body, and it felt wet with blood. She tore her way out of the twisted covers and turned on the light. There was no sign of a wound. Her organs were apparently intact. Her bladder was no longer hurting. Her panties were sopping and her legs were dripping, but it had nothing to do with blood.

She sighed with relief. The night was over. She'd been dreaming. She was perfectly unharmed, aside from being soaking wet and stinking of ammonia. She gathered up the covers and collapsed into bed. She needed to give herself a few minutes to calm down, and then she'd figure out a plan for washing her bedclothes without revealing her accident. She didn't have time to recover before her bedroom door swung open and her little sister ran in.

"Are you okay?!?" Hallie asked. "You made a funny noise." Then she noticed the dark spot on the covers. "Uh-oh! Wet bed!"

"Keep it down!" Cassie whisper-shouted, but their mother had already heard.

"Hallie, did you wet the bed?" asked a voice from the other room.

"No, Cassie did," the young girl answered matter-of-factly.

"That can't be true," the mother said as she walked into her older daughter's bedroom. She stopped and stared at the giant wet patch. Hallie ran out of the room, afraid that a scolding was about to happen.

"I had a scary nightmare," the teenager explained, knowing there was no way out of admitting what she'd done. "I lost control, or something, I guess, when I was sleeping..." her voice got weaker and finally ceased. Just saying this out loud made it feel more humiliating.

"Were you drinking at that party last night?" her mother demanded to know.

"What? No!"

"Drugs?"

"What kind of drug makes you wet the bed?" Cassie asked as she rolled her eyes.

"Well you must've been doing something unusual to your body. It's just not normal for a girl...for a woman your age to wet the bed."

This hurt Cassie's feelings more than the accusations. "I didn't do anything weird," she said with a wavering voice. "I just..."

"You just peed in your sleep."

"Yes," she said, feeling more ashamed than ever. "It was because of a nightmare," she added in weak defense.

Her mother was starting to feel sorry for her, so she eased up. "Well why don't you get cleaned up and strip your bed? I'll see if I can get the stains out."

When she left the room, Hallie returned carrying a stuffed kangaroo.

"You can have Josephine," she said. "She sleeps in your bed and keeps bad dreams away. I don't need her anymore now that I'm older."

This unintentionally insulting gesture from her younger sister was the last straw that broke Cassie's composure. She started weeping like a little girl, because that was what she felt like.

