Jess & Sophie - New Years Special

Author: JMatthews1995

*000*2018-12-31 19:49

It was 6pm on the evening of 31st of December. Jess and Soph were getting them selves ready for their evening out for new years and were both in the bathroom. Soph mentioned something naughty to Jess.

"Jess, just think about it. At some point tonight your cute little pussy will relieve it's self for the last time in 2018!"

"oh yeah! I hadn't even thought about that!" Jess muttered. "Here's a naughty suggestion. How about I make this wee wee now, the last official pee of 2018. If I have to pee any time between now and 12pm, it can't be in a toilet?"

"Jess that sounds very naughty! And who am I to deny you the pleasure of a naughty wetting before the start of 2019!"

"Thanks Soph. They always say, Start as you mean to go on don't they. I intend to start pissy and wet, and continue on pissy and wet!" Jess said jokingly.

"Can I join you Jess??"

"Really? You want to make this your last pee of 2018?"

"Mhmmm, why not. At the end of the day. I want you starting 2019 how I mean for you to go on. horny as hell!" Soph giggled.

"We better make the most of this last pee then hadn't we Soph?"

"Yup. Definitely!"

Soph sat her self down on the toilet totally naked. She patted her lap beckoning Jess to sit down as well. Jess straddled Soph facing towards her, her pussy hovering just above Soph's and pointing directly at it.

"3....2.....1....Pee!" Counted Soph.

Instantly both girls released. Soph's pee sprayed straight down to wards the water in the toilet. Jess's, however, sprayed out all over Soph's delicate pussy. Sophie giggled and wriggled around as Jess sprayed her lips and clit with her hot jet of pee. Once they had both finished Soph asked Jess to stand up. She watched a few little drops fall from her pussy as she raised her self off Soph's lap. Once she was full stood, Soph grabbed both her naked butt cheeks and pulled her forwards, pressing her pissy pussy against her mouth. Gently she licked the remaining pee from Jess' pussy and tickled her pissy clit gently.

Once Soph had completed the clean up of Jess she stood up her self and Jess licked her pussy clean in return.

"We could reduce our toilet roll usage by half we did this every time we peed" Joked Jess.

"Good money saver. I think we should" Giggled Soph!

I'll finish the rest of their evening out tomorrow

