Art Museum or Crime Scene?

Author: Johnny Voodoo

*000*2020-03-14 01:28

Haven't wrote in a while, let me know what you think.

The sun’s warm, inviting rays began to shine through the leaves of the trees. The leaves were neither falling nor blossoming; instead, they hung bravely from their branches wearing a green coat or armor. The sun’s radiating light continued to race forwards as it began to illuminate more of the world underneath it. While some may have referred to the view as remarkable, Rayna considered it another Tuesday.

What lay beneath the shining star was the makings of a town. Already, cars began to line the many roads which cut through the town of Glenville as they began their morning commute. Several areas had concentrated amounts of cars around it, such as a local coffee shop. The shop wasn’t very large and was beginning to struggle with the customers flooding in trying to get their morning fix of caffeine. Many of the customers were students who went to the local high school which was just a short, five-minute, drive from the coffee store. Location is key in marketing, and this coffee shop and set up at the right area.

“Thank you!” Rayna said with a smile as she received her hot beverage.

The cashier simply smiled back and began to help the next customer in line. With his manager right around the corner he really didn’t have any opportunity to slack. As the cashier looked over at the clock on the wall, he realized that the morning rush must be nearing an end as Elmswood High was starting soon. As Rayna walked out of the store, she noticed how the line was shorter than what she had to wait in.

“Damn, I should have come in later,” she thought to herself.

She moved her shades from the top of her head back over her eyes as she opened the door and walked to her car, sipping from her coffee which was in her right hand. Once she got in the car it was only a short ride before she arrived.

The buses were located along the curb in the lot of Elmswood. Each bus was a slightly different tint of yellow, a reflection of how old they were. More and more students joined the buses along the curb. After all, it was the day of a field trip. This was the last field trip opportunity for many of the high school seniors who stood awaiting a chance to board the bus, but the real reason most students elected to attend the field trip was to miss a day of class.

Countless people groaned and complained about how they wish they could have driven their own cars instead of taking the buses. The head of the field trip, Mr. Lodgeland, began to quiet everyone down and have people form up in lines.

“And remember, the bus ride is two hours and we are not stopping,” Lodgeland said, concluding his sentence.

Before long, the buses were boarded and ready to go, but all of a sudden one student could be seen running towards the curb. Lodgeland was more surprised that the student actually showed up rather than skipping.

“Look who decided to show for a change, class!” Lodgeland remarked as the bus driver opened the door for Carter to board the bus.

The rest of the bus erupted into laughter as Carter held his hands up defensively.

“It won’t happen again,” Carter said with a smile, even though he had made that same promise yesterday.

Lodgeland couldn’t help but to smile back. He would miss these kids in a year after they graduated and headed their different ways. But that was later, and right now he needed to make sure they got to the art museum on time. He had been a teacher for ten years now, and he was trusted to be in charge of this field trip. This wasn’t the first time he had went to an art museum, but it was the first time he was going to this specific one. Budget restrictions meant that the usual art museum, the one in Glenville, could no longer be afforded. The one which the school deemed most affordable one was much further away.

Lodgeland walked up to the front of the bus to confirm the address of the destination and made sure him and the bus driver were on the same page. After returning to his seat, Lodgeland pulled out his book and began to read. It wasn’t long until he felt a disturbance, something small had struck his foot.

“I’m sorry! It slipped out of my hand,” Rayna quickly blurted out after she realized she had dropped her coffee. Good thing it was empty.

“It’s fine, just make sure that ends up in the trash can,” Lodgeland responded.

He looked at his shoe, expecting for some sort of stain to be there but came to the realization that the drink had been empty. He shook his head, he always thought these high school kids were way too young to already be addicted to caffeine.

The field trip had required for students to come in thirty minutes early, and before long many students had fallen asleep. The bus ride was uneventful, just long stretches of highway. With over half the bus asleep, it was a very quiet ride as well. Lodgeland glanced around the bus every now and then to ensure no one was trying anything stupid.

Rayna was about to say something to Nicole, who was sitting right next to her on the bus, but she realized that she had fallen asleep too. Rayna rolled her eyes, jealous that Nicole could fall asleep during the dull bus ride. She could never fall asleep when she traveled. Her gaze switched back from the asleep to Nicole to her phone, as she messed around on it trying to kill more time.

Before long, a spike in traffic slowed the bus’s brisk pace down to a crawl. Cars surrounded the bus from all angels. From the bus’s elevated viewing position, Lodgeland could see that the traffic continued onward for the next big stretch of road. He began to wonder what was the cause of this mess when he snuck a peak at his watch and was relieved to realize they were still on schedule. After looking outside the front window, he also noticed that the other school buses from Elmswood were close by, and he wasn’t the only bus getting stuck in this traffic. There was nothing left to do but sit and wait. As he dutifully looked back to his class, he witnessed more students waking up. Unlucky for Rayna, Nicole remained fast asleep.

After about a thirty-minute delay, the highway finally began to clear up. The cause of the traffic jam became clearer as the bus traversed across the road past two cars in shambles. Both cars were completely wrecked. The bus driver smiled as he saw the open road ahead of him. From here on out only twenty minutes remained in the ride.

And before long, the bus had arrived at its location. Lodgeland stood up slowly, stretching his legs out. His eyes darted from each seat on the bus, making sure everyone was ready to go.

Rayna shook her friend next to her, “Hey, we’re here.”

Nicole groaned as she groggily answered, “I’m up, I’m up.”

Before Rayna switched the screen of her phone off, she saw that she had already lost 42% of her battery. Being on it constantly for the last two and a half hours definitely did not help with that.

Lodgeland cleared his throat to get the attention of everyone in the bus.

“Ok class, we are here. Remember, this is an educational field trip so try to learn something today. First, we are going to the main building to check in with the other classes, then we will split up into groups and begin the field trip. We are also thirty minutes behind, so we are going to have to keep our pace up a little bit. Any questions?”

Two hands shot up, one asking about a gift shop and the other about lunch. As Lodgeland answered them, Rayna asked Nicole, “Nice nap huh?” with a laugh.

“I went to bed so late last night I’m surprised I even woke up in time to drive to school,” Nicole responded, still tired.

The class began standing up and gathering their belongings. Before long, they were all off the bus and heading towards the first meeting point. The breeze was the first thing that hit Rayna when she disembarked from the bus. The weather felt perfect and she was happy that she had opted for a short skirt today. Nicole and Rayna, along with their other friends which were scattered throughout the other classes, had decided to dress up for this field trip to get some nice pictures of all of them with the art in the background.

As they approached the main visitor center, Rayna was less than impressed by the stature of the museum. The building seemed uncared for, with graffiti plastering the sides of the wall. The benches, which once stood tall and a bright shade of green, now were left broken and rusted. The pavement leading up to the doors of the building was chipped and weeds grew in every crevice. The building seemed to be two floors. Rayna also noticed that there was a broken window on the second floor. She began to wonder if this place even had running water.

“I know the school wanted to cut costs on field trips, but this museum looks like a piece of shit,” Rayna remarked to Nicole.

“What better memory to have from Elmswood?” Nicole joked.

As Lodgeland opened the door to the building, he was answered by a large creak, the sign of a rusting door. When they entered the building, even Lodgeland was surprised by the deplorable conditions of museum. The paint on the walls were chipped everywhere. Trash could be seen all over the ground, which ranged from empty plastic water bottles to even pieces of food.

“Hey, at least we get free lunch!” someone yelled from the back of the class, which resulted in the entire class laughing.

Lodgeland guided his class to where the others were. They weren’t very many other visitors and he spotted the group of teachers pretty quickly. As he approached the other teachers, he stepped on a chip. He smiled and shook Ms. Everson’s hand.

“Long time on see Sydney!” he said, excited to see his friend.

“Too long, Charlie.” Sydney Everson responded.

As much as he would have loved to catch up with Sydney, he had to organize the groups and get this field trip started.

“Hey, everyone listen up!” Lodgeland screamed, to no avail.

“Ah, just the Charlie I remember, always able to get the attention of students,” Everson jokily remarked.

“HEY, LISTEN UP,” Lodgeland screamed again, this time loud enough to get the attention of everyone in the building.

He continued on, “Welcome to the Sadderton Art Museum. You guys are seniors at this point, so I know I don’t have to remind you about how to treat the property here. We will be splitting into groups of twelve. Groups will be determined based on the preference section of your permission form.”

Rayna and Nicole made eye contact with some of their other friends, Sarah and Ashley. They had all filled out their preference sheets with each other’s’ name and were hoping that they would all get to be in one group. The whole process of making groups seemed overly complicated to Rayna. They were seniors, they should be allowed to pick their own groups at this point.

Lodgeland pulled out a sheet of paper from his pocket. It contained the list of all the students under each group.

“Ok, group one we have…” Lodgeland droned on for the next couple seconds before realizing that the list was incomplete.

His pause had gotten the interest of everyone, as they all wanted to know which group they would be a part of.

“Looks like we had a problem with the groupings, and we are just going to split each class in half by last name,” Lodgeland said, knowing that this comment would be followed with countless groans and complains. He was not wrong.

“Damn, what can Elmswood do right?” Rayna frustratedly remarked to Nicole.

“Hey, at least we are in the same group” Nicole responded, trying to keep her friend’s morale up.

As everyone began to quiet down and get into their assigned groups, Nicole walked over to her group leader, Ms. Everson, to ask a question. She had had Ms. Everson last year for English, and they had become good friends.

“Hey, Ms. Everson!” Nicole said happily.

“Hey Nicole! How are you?” Ms. Everson chipperly responded.

Their conversation continued on, and Nicole was hoping that it would end soon. She loved Ms. Everson but she wanted the answer to her question. She finally found an appropriate opening to the conversation to ask.

“So, do you know when we are stopping by the bathrooms? Mr. Lodgeland said that we were going to have to hurry up because we were running behind a little, but he didn’t say much else about the schedule,” Nicole asked.

“Ah, he didn’t tell you? This building doesn’t have plumbing, in fact it’s a miracle that it is still standing. We are going to have to go to the research center across the street to use the restrooms. Because it’s pretty far, we are going to go together as a group either before or after lunch,” Ms. Everson responded.

“Oh…” Nicole responded a little disappointed. She needed to go pee and would rather go now then have to wait till lunch.

Ms. Everson looked at Nicole curiously, realizing that Nicole most likely already had to go and would be forced to hold it for the next hour or so. She did have a job to do though so she dismissed herself from the conversation to begin leading the group towards the west corridor of the museum. As they began down the hallway for ancient art, Rayna and Nicole began to stray to the back of the group. They were already regretting signing up for this field trip as it was boring them to asleep. At least there was less trash around the art displays than the entrance.

“I could have slept in for an extra thirty minutes and not have a full bladder if I didn’t sign up for this damn field trip,” Nicole angrily said.

“Ha, you have to pee too? Do you know when we are stopping for the bathroom, that coffee I drank this morning is not helping,” Rayna asked.

“We aren’t stopping till lunch because this dump doesn’t even have plumbing!” Nicole exasperatedly retorted.

Nicole immediately became more concerned about Rayna than herself. Rayna had the smallest bladder of all of her friends, and they would often tease her about it. She had only seen Rayna bursting to pee once or twice because she would use the bathroom constantly.

Rayna’s grin turned into a frown. She had needed to go since they had got off the bus but had put it in the back of her mind as she figured that she could go when they got into the building. Lunch was still an hour away and she was not sure if she could wait that long. She pushed the feeling of doubt out of her head. She had always been good about making sure she went the bathroom on time to avoid situations just like this.

Ms. Everson continued the tour on, as less and less students began paying attention and instead started messing around. The pieces of art that hung from the wall came from artists which no one had heard of before. The west corridor seemed to stretch on forever. As the group continued to walk further down the hallway, the ending of the corridor finally became visible. Without being aware, Ms. Eveson realized that she was speeding through each presentation, as they were already half-way through the pieces of art.

“Now, what artistic methods did this artist use to paint the following pictures?” Ms. Everson asked her class, using her hand to gesture to the large framed piece of work which hung directly behind her. A few kids in the front of the class raised their hands like they always did, but Ms. Everson was looking for someone who hadn’t already answered a question. She instead settled on calling on Carter, as she knew he would not be paying attention.

“I don’t know, maybe a brush?” Carter answered sarcastically.

His friends around him started laughing. He loved messing with Ms. Everson, after all she was one of the more attractive looking teachers in the school.

Eventually, thirty minutes had passed and Rayna’s need to go pee had grown exponentially. Rayna could not stop fidgeting around. It started with her having to stand with her legs crossed. Then later, she was bouncing her legs in place like her life depended on it. She kept looking around, trying to make sure no one could see her. Due to the fact that they were in the back of the group, the only other person that could see Rayna was Nicole. For a moment she thought Carter was looking at her and she immediately stopped moving. It look all her willpower not to cross her legs immediately. When she looked back, he wasn’t looking anymore and she began shaking her legs around again.

Rayna was becoming painfully aware of the fact that crossing her legs was not doing it anymore, and she longed to move her hands down to her crotch. She caved and reached her hands down, but realized she had a skirt on. She did not want to hike up her skirt for the world to see and decided that crossing her legs would have to be enough for now. She knew guys in her class would love her to, but she was not going to give them the pleasure.

“Wow looks like someone really has to go,” Nicole whispered to Rayna, as Ms. Everson was talking.

“God, I need to pee so bad,” Rayna whispered back breathlessly.

“Only…” Nicole pulled out her phone to check the time, “twenty-eight more minutes, you’ll be fine,” Nicole said reassuringly.

As the class moved towards the ending of the corridor, they stopped again for another art piece. The amount of trash hear was almost non-existent, as many of the visitors lost interest and turned back before getting this far down the display. Perhaps the finest piece of art was not hung upon the wall, but rather stood between two of them. At this point Rayna was really considering opening holding herself, but she couldn’t deal with the embarrassment. She would look like a little girl who couldn’t control herself.

“You are going to college in a couple months, come on you are better than this!” Rayna urgently thought to herself as she was trying to stop herself from jumping from foot to foot.

Ms. Everson really wasn’t interested in the art she was looking at much less than the students were, but she this was her job. If it was up to her, she would rather be back at the school and not in this dump. As she discussed the piece of art the group stood in front of, her eyes began to scan the entirety of the group. She knew that only a few people were paying attention and by this point she did not even care. She could see the flock of kids in the middle of the group all on their phones, or another group on the left side all talking.

Her eyes then continued to the very back of the group. She saw Rayna, clearly desperate for a piss. She looked over next to her to see Nicole, who stood perfectly still. Come to think of it, she could definitely use a bathroom break too. She couldn’t afford to show any signs of needing to go as her students would quickly find out. For the time being, crossing her legs and the ankles would be all she could do. She continued blabbering on about the western culture art that surrounded her.

Rayna crossed and re crossed her legs, trying to do anything to ease her need to go pee. She tried to think back about last night, when she was watching her favorite TV show to take her mind off her predicament. She flooded her minds with the image of the TV show, and she really started to block out her need to pee. At least for a moment. She was suddenly snapped back to reality when she heard the voice of Ms. Everson.

“Ok, it looks like the other classes are still finishing up their sections, so does anyone need to use the restroom?”

Ms. Everson asked this question for the students, but really, she wanted a chance at using the bathroom too. She knew that she would not be able to wait until the end of the day and this was her best chance. She expected to see Rayna’s hand immediately shoot in the air, but instead no one in the group seemed to need to go. She looked back and saw Rayna trying to compose herself, as if she was trying to make it seem she didn’t need to go as bad as she did. It was successful, for a moment at least.

“Uh, Ms. Everson, I need to,” Rayna said with her ears red.

The entire class looked back at Rayna when she spoke. She was doing everything she could in her willpower to not squirm around but instead simply stood with her legs crossed as tight as she possibly could. She bit her lip, and her fingers were bouncing against her thighs. She hoped that everyone would stop looking at her. Ms. Everson waited a moment, almost as if she was testing Rayna’s composure, but then started talking and garnered everyone’s attention away from the bursting beauty

“Ok, well looks like we will be going to the research center across the street,” Ms. Everson happily responded. Her group did a 180 and began walking in from the direction they came in from. Ms. Everson made her way to the front and began to lead the group again. Without the constant stopping of explanations of art, Ms. Everson had no chance to cross her legs. She began to rack her brain for an excuse to stop, and decided reexplaining a piece of art would have to do.

“Before we leave, I want everyone to look at…” Ms. Everson made up something as she was finally able to cross her legs. She wanted to do more and was dying to bounce on the spot as her student had, but alas she was a teacher.

Ms. Everson continued to lead the class back down the corridor. She began to do a mental count in her head to make sure they would have enough time to go to the bathroom as well as make lunch on time. She figured they could and still have five minutes to spare. As they turned the corridor, they saw a small family walking ### CRASH.

The lights of the museum snapped off in an instant. The sunlight which shone in from the windows were all that illuminated each hallway. Areas without windows were shrouded in complete darkness. Complete disarray followed as students looked around for the source of the loud noise. Nicole looked around, confused.

“What is going on, did the museum really forget to pay the power bill?” she thought to herself.

“Ok everyone, let’s stay calm!” Nicole heard Ms. Everson shout.

Nicole looked over to Rayna to say something when another loud noise pierced through the air, this time followed by a sound that was identifiable, the scream of a human.

“Was that a… a gunshot?” a student blurted out, panic evident in his voice.

“No, please don###” Ms. Everson was cut off by another loud noise, which again was followed by a loud scream.

“Oh shit, that was a gunshot!” the same student yelled out. Chaos broke lose immediately. Students scrambled every direction. Ms. Everson realized it would be impossible to get everyone together and figured it was fight or flight. And not pee herself.

Rayna stood petrified and watched as her fellow classmates ran every which direction. She instead stood in the same spot, with her hands on her crotch and her legs crossed. The loud noise scared her which caused her to begin to leak and she was forced to use her hands to stop the flow. She began bobbing up and down, doing anything she possibly could do not pee herself. She could feel the leaking starting to stop.

Nicole started to sprint in a direction before she realized that Rayna was not following her. Instead she looked back and say her best friend doing the best pee dance she had ever seen.

“She wasn’t kidding about that coffee, huh?” Nicole thought.

Nicole had still needed to go, but she was not nearly to the point of needing to pee dance in front of everyone. Anyways, she had more important things to think of at the moment. She needed to make sure that her and Rayna would be safe. She loved her friends and always looked out for them, and this time would be no different.

“Rayna, we got to get the hell out of here, someone has a gun!” Nicole exclaimed, pulling Rayna’s arm.

“I… I’m going to pee myself if I move Nicole, help me,” Rayna responded, tears welling up in her eyes.

“Just do it, I don’t care. I would rather be alive than dead and say I didn’t pee myself,” Nicole responded. “Come on either pee or start running, we need to move!”

Rayna simply could not get herself to start peeing. As painful as it was, Rayna began to follow Nicole. Nicole played soccer and it showed, as she sprinted past Rayna down each hallway. She would wait at the end of the hallway, peering around the corner and making sure that the gunman wasn’t there. On the other hand, Rayna jogged after as fast as she could, keeping her thighs as close together as she possibly could and one hand squeezing her crotch. Every few seconds she would have to stop completely to use both hand and cross her legs. She knew she had to keep moving but she just couldn’t. As she stopped again to nurse her aching bladder, she saw a small door to her right.

“Nicole, we can hide in here! There’s a door, come on!” Rayna exclaimed. Rayna slowly shuffled towards the door, with her ass sticking out as she twisted and turned her body to fight her natural urge.

Nicole heard Rayna’s voice and stopped running. She weighed her options. She knew she was fast, but she couldn’t outrun a bullet. She also hadn’t even noticed the door when she went past it so maybe the person with the gun wouldn’t either. It seemed like a better plan than running blind in the dark. She followed Rayna’s voice until she could see her.

“God she still hasn’t peed yet? What is she doing?” Nicole thought to herself as she saw Rayna hopping from foot to foot, one hand pointing to the door, the other hand located somewhere lower.

Ms. Everson cursed. Just when she thought she had found the perfect place to relieve herself, she realized she couldn’t. She figured she would have at least a few seconds to use the bathroom before she was interrupted. She could hear Rayna shouting from just outside the door. It sounded as if Rayna was running in place, she could hear her shoes hitting the ground over and over again. She could also hear Rayna groaning every so often.

“What is she doing out there?” she thought to herself, before she remembered seeing Rayna desperate to use the bathroom prior.

Ms. Everson had already barricaded the door in. She figured she had to take care of her own problems right now and dropped her knee-length skirt and began to empty her bladder in the back corner of what seemed to be an old storage room. With no windows available in here, it was pitch black. As she smiled in relief, her body immediately jerked when she heard another gunshot, this time much closer.

“It’s barricaded, I can’t get in!” Nicole shouted as she tried to muscle her way into the door.

“uhh… keeping trying” Rayna responded, her voice completely strained next to Nicole.

“Rayna, god dammit, go pee! You are going to get yourself killed!” Nicole shouted.

Instead of a response from Rayna, she instead heard a gunshot from right around the corner.

“LET US IN! PLEASE!” Nicole shouted, using both fists to wail on the doors.

From inside Ms. Everson struggled to stop peeing. Finally, she was able to. She ran to the door and began removing the barricades that stood in front of the door to deter any unwelcomed visitors. As she picked up the first chair, she realized that she still really had to pee. Her adrenaline took over and she was able to push that thought to the back of her mind. Finally, she got everything out of the way.

“In here girls!” she exclaimed ushering in Nicole and Rayna.

They both rushed in and jammed the door shut. Nicole began to help Ms. Everson set up the barricades again, but before they could blockade the second door, they heard a voice from right outside.

“Come out, come out wherever you are!” the deranged voice screamed.

“Shhhhhh” was the noise that escaped Nicoles lips as she silenced both Ms. Everson and Rayna. It was dead quiet… except for something. One, small noise remained. And all it took was one small noise to get them killed.

Nicole looked around, trying to make sure that the noise was coming from outside. Instead, it was coming from Rayna. As Rayna was ducking and bobbing on the spot, her necklace could be heard as it was jostled around. She ran over to Rayna and held her in place. She needed this room to be quiet enough to hear a pin drop because there was nothing stopping whoever was out there from barging through that door right now.

Rayna had heard Nicole and stopped moving her feet. She absentmindedly bobbed up and down, doing anything to avoid pissing herself. She was confused when she heard Nicole sprint over to her and was even more surprised when Nicole placed both her hands around her shoulder, preventing her from moving.

The noise of the necklace was instead replaced by a trickle. Rayna’s bladder began emptying itself the moment Nicole stopped her from moving.

“Now, where are you?” shouted the voice from outside, it seemed as if it was getting further away.

Nicole could feel her friends pee trickle down her leg. By this point she was already bursting, and this certainly did not help. She was about to prepare herself to let go and relieve herself too when she heard the footsteps coming back.

“Is someone a little scared?” the voice again shouted from outside, manically laughing.

“Rayna, you have to stop peeing! He can hear us from right outside, come on!” Nicole whispered into her friend’s ear.

Rayna grunted in effort. Her hands felt wet and warm. Her forehead was beaded with sweat, not from running but the exertion of holding her pee. She couldn’t do it anymore; she was peeing everywhere. Her face burned red, but no one could see as the room was pitch black. All she could think of was the feeling of relief until Nicole whispered in her ear.

“Shit, she’s right,” Rayna realized.

She muscled all her strength and squeezed as hard as she could, slowly stopping the flow. She crossed her legs, right over her left before immediately switching legs. Somehow, she had stopped the flow to a very small trickle. It was inaudible at this point. She closed her eyes, using all of her physical and mental capacity to stop herself from peeing. She gritted her teeth. She had never needed to go pee this bad ever before.

“Hey, over here!” a second voice yelled from outside, much further away from outside the closet.

It seemed like it was their lucky day as person who was previously right outside the room they were hiding in followed the second voice.

Ms. Everson waited. She could smell the urine and she knew Rayna had lost the battle with her bladder. She waited for the footsteps to get further and further away until she felt like they were in a safe distance. She then pulled out her phone to illuminate the room. She made out the figure of both Nicole and Rayna. Ms. Everson realized she still really needed to pee. She also knew her boat had sailed now, as she couldn’t simply relieve herself in front of her own students.

The moment Rayna saw the light of the phone, she let go. She was at her absolute limit. Pee burst everywhere, completely soaking her. Nicole jumped back, not wanting to get any more if it on her.

“That… feels… so… good,” Rayna moaned as pee continued to escape from her body.

As Nicole jumped back, she remembered that Ms. Everson was in the room. She had completely forgotten and she had no desire to piss herself in front of one of her teachers. She realized that her only option was to do what Rayna did, hold on.

As Ms. Everson watched Rayna empty her bladder completely her urge to pee multiplied. She quickly sat down from her standing position to one where she was able to use her heel as a substitute for her crotch. She covered up this move by acting as if she was looking for something on the ground. She also looked over at Nicole. Nicole was the one who had asked to use the bathroom first and unless she had peed herself too then she was bound to be bursting to pee as well.

“Are you okay?” Ms. Everson said, asking Rayna who was leaned against the wall, completely relieved.

“Sorry you had to see that, I just really had to pee” Rayna answered sheepishly.

She had just completely pissed herself right in front of a teacher. She was mortified, but what else could she answer. She didn’t even make eye contact with Ms. Everson when she responded.

“Hey, it happens to everyone,” Ms. Everson responded.

“And it’s going to happen to you next if you don’t get out of here,” she thought to herself.

Part 2?

