Pissed my panties at the park

Author: Jaieee

*000*2021-03-16 08:36

Today I went for a walk with my old friend Ryan. We went to grade school together, and have a close bond, despite never seeing one another. We hang out once a year, maybe. I had a crush on him when we were 10, but these days it's like hanging with your best friend. We know how to tease one another, but I would still never want to embarrass myself in front of him!

I woke up this morning, put on my robe,, and started drinking water for my "wellness challenge" at work. I finished my first bottle, and began to make breakfast. I went to the bathroom and brushed my teeth, and slowly got dressed. Spring is finally happening, and I could see the sun shining. I decided to be brave and put on a knee length black skirt. My favorite nylons ripped last week, so that left my legs bare and pale against my skirt. I found a tight green shirt and a pair of black slip on.

I filled my large water bottle and sat at my desk to work, taking a drink every 10 minutes. My bladder was mostly empty, and it always takes a while for me to fill up. After an hour had passed, I had finished my project, as well as my water bottle. Without thinking, I filled my bottle again and texted Ryan. We decided to meet at the large park nearby to walk around. I grabbed my water and purse and headed to the car.

As soon as I buckled myself in, I could feel a little pressure in my bladder. I had been to the bathroom over an hour ago, but figured it was just the belt making me uncomfortable. By the time I arrived at the park, another 15 minutes had passed, and that uncomfortable pain was becoming more constant. I took a sip of my water and reminded myself that I have held much more under worse conditions. I took another drink, and locked my car. I walked towards the treeline where Ryan was standing. We hugged for a long time, and I winced at the pain of tightening my bladder. We began walking the trails, and my mind was taken off my increasing need to urinate. My water bottle was halfway empty again.

Talking with Ryan was just like old times. We passed a bench and Ryan sat down to look at the pond nearby. I sat beside him and immediately felt my full bladder pressing beneath my skirt. I felt really luck to have such strong bladder control. I looked at my water bottle and saw there was only a drink or two left. I shrugged and finished it, but not without regret... The very thought of drinking water made my urge nearly uncontrollable. I clenched my muscles and shifted my legs, feeling the hard metal bench under my thighs, nearly pressed against my gray underwear. I held my composure and knew I was dry, at least for another moment.

Despite the sunny weather, the wind was still blowing, and I used it as my excuse to get up and get walking. I jumped up and told Ryan we should find another trail. We stood at began down the next concrete path, leading away from the pond. My bladder was completely full, and I needed anything to keep my mind off the feeling. I walked quickly yet surely along the path, staring straight ahead. Ryan was telling me about his college class, and I tried my best to listen, but I could feel my hold giving out as my panties started to dampen.

Suddenly Ryan stopped next to a short fence. Behind it were blackberry bushes. He reached in to pick a few, and I frantically looked around to see multiple people, not only on the concrete trail, but sitting in the grass nearby. I looked down at my bare legs and knew I was lucky to be wearing a skirt at least. I stood next to Ryan and turned away from everyone I saw. I knew I could not give off ANY sign I was about to pee myself in public. My lack of movement, however, made it impossible to control. I leaned against the fence and quickly pressed my hand against my crotch as I began to piss right through my panties. I felt the fabric soaking between my legs, and my heart began pounding. I was pissing myself!!

I looked down at my feet and thankfully saw still dry concrete. I knew if I stayed there, everyone would soon know I was having an accident. Over to left near the grass was an informational sign with no people within several feet. I gasped and said "Oh look!" to Ryan, who was looking at his phone. I quickly ran across the path, and stood in the grass next to the sign. I held the edge and stood with my legs partially twisted. I had nearly regain control, but could still feel myself peeing into my wet panties. My legs were mostly blocked by the sign. I pretended to read the sign, and my heart pounded as Ryan began walking over.

Ryan started looking at the sign, standing right next to me, and the embarrassment was just too much to handle. My cheeks reddened as I slowly lost control and began peeing full force down my legs. I stood absolutely frozen with fear, with one hand between my legs to make sure the stream of pee didn't go anywhere else. I felt the front of my skirt getting wet, but I knew it wouldn't be too noticeable in black.

I stood and quietly wet myself until I felt some relief, and then regained control. I stayed frozen in place until I felt most of the drips are my legs were gone. I told Ryan that it was time for me to pick up my sister at work. He walked me to my car, and I avoided a hug by fumbling with my keys and bag. He waved, and I got in my car, completey aroused by the wet fabric against my skin.

