Lauren's Game

Author: jb2ja

*000*2016-06-25 22:24

The following story contains mostly male desperation.

Lauren's Game

===

Lauren and Troy had only just arrived at the store, and already they were behind schedule. They had precisely 35 minutes to pick out a birthday present for their close friend Kate, check out at the register, and get back to the bus stop if they were to make it to the post office before closing. Even postmarked today, it might arrive a day late if the stars weren’t quite in alignment.

“We don’t have a lot of time,” Lauren remarked as they proceeded into the store. She started at a clip toward the back corner of the store, housewares, which she thought would be the best place to start. Troy tried to keep pace.

Before they’d even gotten ten steps past the entrance, the couple passed a door labeled “Women.” A moment later, “Men.” Troy attempted to seize the opportunity. “Let me just offload that soda I drank before we get into this,” he told Lauren, starting toward this latter door.

Lauren checked her watch mischievously, feigning a small amount of annoyance. “Babe, we really have to find them a present and get to the post office. Can you just wait until we find something, and then you can pee while I’m paying for it?”

Lauren was, perhaps, not being entirely honest in her motivation to delay him. The truth was she got a little bit of a rush, sometimes, trying to delay Troy’s bladder just a bit. She’d never told him, of course; and she was careful not to get carried away. But there was something exciting about knowing that her boyfriend was approaching a full tank. Besides, it really would be more efficient if he waited.

Troy looked slightly annoyed at the suggestion---it’ll take sixty seconds, one could almost hear him thinking. And you were the one who encouraged me to get the large soda at lunch, he might add. But he didn’t protest. “Alright, where do we start?,” he asked, getting down to business.

Lauren led her boyfriend to housewares, where they began perusing the options. Some scented candles? Lauren could scarcely concentrate on the options, what with all the excitement happening in her boyfriend’s pants. And her own pants. She could do with a visit to the little girl’s room herself. But if she’d done that, there would’ve been no way of stopping Troy from doing the same. And then the game would’ve been over before it even started.

“Which of these candles do you like best?,” Lauren asked, indicating three that she’d pulled from the shelves.

“They all look fine to me,” Troy told her, glancing at his watch, “Why don’t you just pick one while I pop off? I trust your judgment.”

“Don’t you care about getting Kate a nice gift?,” Lauren teased him. “I want your input. And they’re scented---you have to actually smell them to make a decision. Here, this one’s called ‘Lemon Waterfall.’” She handed him a yellow candle.

Troy reluctantly held it up to his nose. Lauren studied him for any reaction. She couldn’t pass up the chance to tease him just a little bit. That was part of the fun of the game---trying to appear innocent while being not quite.

“That’s nice and summery, isn’t it? Like a great big pitcher of lemonade, sloshing around as it gets passed from person to person at an outdoor picnic.”

“Yes, it’s nice,” was all Troy said in reply. He seemed less than fully enthusiastic.

There was some ensuing discussion of the other scents, not all of which was contrived as part of Lauren’s game---it really was hard to settle on just the right item.

“Ooh! Kitchen things,” Lauren shot off across the aisle, beckoning Troy to follow. Yet another set of discussions ensued. Troy remained unenthusiastic maintained a mostly patient demeanor as they considered a wine rack and various kitchen appliances, before ultimately circling back to a pair of scented candles.

With the gift picked out and the two of them in line at the register to pay for, Troy indicated that he would pop off now to relieve himself.

“Let me make sure I have my credit card before you disappear,” Lauren said, unable to resist delaying him just a little longer. As she dug through every compartment of her purse except the correct one, she wondered silently just how badly he needed to go. Probably not all that terribly badly. She herself was merely approaching the high end of uncomfortable; and past experience would suggest that she filled up faster than he did.

Eventually, she relented and pulled out the card. They didn’t have a lot of time to get to the bus stop. With any luck, Troy would make it back in time to take over in line so she could empty her own bladder while he checked out. As much fun as she was having with her little game, she did not want to put their rest stop in jeopardy. The post office did not have a customer restroom; and, while she could probably hold it until they got home if she absolutely had to, it would not be a pleasant experience.

Lauren studied Troy’s motion as he walked off in the direction of his relief, hoping for some clue as to just how much fluid was built up between his legs. She couldn’t help but imagine him carrying just as much as her own body did at that moment. He probably didn’t---probably wouldn’t have let her draw it out that long if it were that bad. But it was a tantalizing idea, every step reminding him just how full he was, the stream that would pour from his penis when he finally got to let it out.

If only they weren’t under such tight scheduling constraints, she’d have been secretly hoping for a little bit of a line to delay him longer still. She pictured him shifting a little as penis after penis from the line in front of him lazily dribbled far less urgent loads into the urinals---loads that got addressed first because she hadn’t let him join the line when he’d first wanted to. But even if she had the power to somehow magically conjure such a line, this wasn’t the time for it. They had places to be. And she had her own stream that really needed to pour out.

As if in answer to that thought, Troy rejoined her in the checkout line remarkably quickly.

“All better?,” she asked him with a smile.

“Closed for cleaning,” he muttered.

“Oh, um...” Lauren blushed a little. Part of her felt a bit guilty. Troy could’ve peed when they first arrived if she hadn’t been playing games with him. But a larger part of her was rather enjoying the predicament---Troy had to keep resisting that pressure on his sphincter, that nagging tingle at the base of his penis that could only be held at bay for so long before it came out of its own accord. Her heart pounded in excitement at this image of Troy---such a big, strong man in such an uncharacteristically vulnerable state... Clutching his manhood, unable to control his own body.

But what of her body? Lauren checked her watch. Less than ten minutes until the bus would leave, and there were still a couple people ahead of them in the checkout line. They didn’t have time for this. If she was going to pee, it was now or never. And she really did need it to be now.

“Is the ladies room open?,” she tried to ask as gently as she could.

“Yeah, it is,” he replied tersely.

Lauren got a rush at the idea of wetting while Troy couldn’t. And it must have shown on her face, because Troy suddenly looked a bit cross. Maybe a little more sympathy over the men’s room had been in order before dismissing his need in favor of hers.

Her bladder twitched as she weighed her options. Would it be wrong for her to go? The fact that she’d pressured him into this situation didn’t exactly earn her any karma points. But for her to go pee did seem like the logical course of action---at least to the extent she could think logically while delirious with the power of this fantasy playing out before her eyes. Based on historical data, she rationalized, he probably didn’t have to go as badly as she did. He could probably hold it for the rest of their excursion in a lesser state of agony than she would face if she were forced to wait---She wasn’t entirely sure she’d have made it home at all. She was in control for the moment; but an hour is a long time when your bladder is full.

“Do you mind if I…,” her voice trailed off, partly embarrassed by her actions but mostly overwhelmed by the rush of the situation. She was asking for permission to pee. Permission she desperately needed. Permission that the universe refused to grant him. What if misery wanted company? Can you just wait, she imagined him throwing her own words back at her. But then she had the trump card in all this. She had access to the ladies room.

“Yeah, go ahead, I’ll take care of this.” Troy gestured toward the register. “I’ll meet you out front.”

Lauren walked quickly to the bathroom, only seven minutes left until the bus. In hindsight, she probably shouldn’t have dragged out the game so long.

Sure enough, the men’s room had a sign propped in front of it. “Closed for cleaning.” The ladies’ room, however, was freely welcoming those endowed with the appropriate genitalia. There were other women in there; but---thank god---a free stall. 5 minutes to the bus. She shot inside of it and tore down her pants and underwear. Her bare butt hovering over the toilet, she peed as fast as she could. It was quite a stream, as was a common side effect of her keep-away game with Troy’s restroom access. But that too was part of the fun---both people holding. She shuddered in an almost sadistic pleasure at the thought of Troy’s own penis wanting to unleash a stream just like her own, wanting to feel that same sensation of it coursing down the line and out the exit.

Lauren wiped as quickly as she could, indulged in only the most cursory of hand-washing, and shot toward the store-front bus stop still drying her hands with the paper towel. She threw it in a nearby trash bin just as the bus was pulling up.

In continuation of the fates’ apparent cooperation with her fantasy, all of the bus seats were taken. They would have to stand, hanging on to the rail as they got jostled around. She really was starting to feel a little bit sorry for Troy. It was only supposed to be a little game. Still, her guilt notwithstanding, she’d be lying if she said she wasn’t enjoying this. Having had a much-needed pee mere minutes ago, her bladder seemed to remember exactly how it felt to be full, exactly what Troy must be feeling right now. But just how badly did he need to go? That sense of mystery made the whole thing even more exciting, as her good and mischievous sides each hoped for different answers to that question. It was enough, though, that he’d wanted to interrupt their shopping more than half an hour ago to address it. That didn’t sound trivial.

As Lauren and Troy stood waiting on the bus, Troy reflected on the chain of events that had led to the present moment. Lauren was generally a very patient person; but unnecessary restroom breaks had long seemed to be the one exception to the rule. Today, they’d been under schedule constraints, so it was no surprise she’d been a little testy about any possibility of delay; but even during otherwise carefree days, a request for a rest stop seemed to garner the question “Can’t you wait?” even when he was fairly certain she must have to go too. (At least she was equitable in her impatience, Troy thought.) And so, as general rule, Troy tried not to request a break when it was only of the would-be-nice variety. If that was Lauren’s one major peeve, then he would try to accommodate it.

When they’d first passed the store’s restrooms, it had not been urgent, but perhaps of the would-be-very-nice variety. He probably wouldn’t have asked if they hadn’t been walking right past them; but if she were really so concerned about minimizing interruption then surely that had been a reasonably efficient opportunity to address his filling bladder. And, clearly, she’d needed a break as well. But if it would make her happy, he’d reasoned, there was no great harm in holding it until checkout.

Or so he’d thought. That closed-for-cleaning sign had come at a most inopportune moment. Part of him wished it had been the ladies’ room that was closed, just to give her a taste of her own medicine. But to be fair, she couldn’t have been expected to foresee that monkey wrench.

Fair or not, though, Troy couldn’t help but envy Lauren’s freshly empty state as the contents of his bladder sloshed inside him with every bump and turn of the bus. It was going to be rough if he had to hold this all the way home. He tried to think through his options. The public front-end of the post office was quite small. He was fairly certain there was no customer restroom there. Maybe if he asked nicely they’d help him out? Or was it some kind of federal offense to let strangers back/ where the mail is?

What about the surrounding areas? It was mostly residential, immediately around the post office. He could maybe try to find a secluded spot among some trees if he really had to. The other side of the street maybe had somewhere he could go; but it was a busy street and there weren’t any crosswalks in the immediate area. The most quickly-accessible semi-public bathroom was probably several blocks north. Can’t you wait?, he could almost hear Lauren objecting. But she’d had a chance to pee. She couldn’t very well object now.

The bus came to a stop outside the post office, the change in motion very much registered by Troy’s bladder. He tucked his penis gently between his legs, squeezing his thighs together slightly to counter the sudden impulse to let it fly.

After the two had disembarked and the bus pulled away, Troy resolved again to address the matter.

“Hey, Lauren, I need to find a bathroom. What do you say we split up? You mail the package; and I’m just going to head down that way until I find something.”

“I’d rather not---I can never remember Kate’s address,” Lauren began to object.

“I can text it to you while I walk,” Troy countered.

“Can you please just tough it out a little longer, babe? Then we’ll find you somewhere to go, I promise.”

Troy was not thrilled with her resistance. He really did need to go. But it probably wouldn’t take long to mail the package. And call it idiotic male ego, but he didn’t much care for the idea of admitting things were getting urgent. He liked to project an image of being strong and in control. And for some inexplicable reason, she looked like she really, genuinely didn’t want to split up. How could he say no to those big, brown eyes looking up at him hopefully? Of course he’d hold it for her if that would make her happy. So he tensed his sphincter further still; and the two of them walked inside the post office.

There was a short line, which they joined. Troy maneuvered himself behind Lauren’s back, giving his penis a brief squeeze. Lauren seemed very interested in engaging with him, though, and quickly maneuvered back into a side-by-side stance, putting her arm around his back.

When they finally got to the front of the line, Lauren asked for a shipping box as Troy leaned against the counter, discreetly giving himself another squeeze.

“You wouldn’t happen to have a public bathroom here, would you?” he tried to ask as casually as he could.

“No, sorry,” the clerk replied, handing Lauren the box and a mailing label to fill out. Troy grimaced a little. His lower abdomen was getting quite swollen. Maybe he shouldn’t have agreed to tough it out. Lauren filled in the return address and the recipients name, and then slid it over to Troy to fill in the details.

“What was it? Oak street?,” she asked him.

“Pine street,” Troy replied, reluctantly pulling his hand away from crotch in order to accept the pen she was handing him.

“Right, Pine street...” She put her arm around him again. He could help but bounce a little as he filled in the address. His bladder felt so swollen. He hoped she’d mistake it for nervous energy.

With their mission finally accomplished, the two emerged from the post office a mere ten minutes before closing---just in time.

“I’m just going to pee in the woods,” he told Lauren, trying still to make it sound like a matter of convenience rather than absolute necessity. Internally, however, he was getting quite frantic.

“You sure you don’t want to just hold it until we get home?,” Lauren couldn’t resist asking, “The bus will be here any minute.”

Troy curtseyed a little. A small spurt escaped from his penis. His hand shot back down to his crotch, squeezing tightly to stem the flow.

“No, I think I’d better not,” he told Lauren, blushing slightly, and went off toward the trees without waiting for a response. He was trying not to admit it to her, but he was out of time.

“I’ll come stand guard,” she chased after him.

His fly was unzipped the moment he reached the tree line. As he hobbled into the woods, he withdrew his penis, squeezing it tightly in his hand as he tried to make it a few steps further. A long spurt shot out of him uncontrollably, splashing onto the ground. In another step, he’d given up entirely, letting it flow furiously, leaning against a tree for support as his whole body nearly buckled from the relief.

The hissing sound was something incredible. Lauren circled around to get a view of the action. One would think he had a gallon inside of him from the way it kept pouring out of him. All because she asked him to hold it for her. Her heart pounded in her chest.

After his stream slowed, first to a trickle and then to a sputtering stop, Troy put his penis away and rezipped his fly. A tiny wet patch remained as a reminder of his struggle. He tried to adjust his pants so it would be less obvious.

“You looked like you really need that,” Lauren remarked, drawing excitedly closer.

“Yeah, well…,” Troy tried to think of a way to brush it off.

But Lauren didn’t want it brushed off. She put her arms around her boyfriend and kissed him passionately. Today’s game had gone far better than she’d expected.

