Ava at work

Author: jibbyjamie

*000*2022-12-25 18:03

Another fairly short one. Not much of a prelude here, just focusing on the feelings of desperation and release.

###

Ava had been holding it all day because her boss didn't allow her to use the bathroom while not on a break. And because she had been so busy, she had skipped the afternoon break... to her detriment. All in all, she had been holding it for about 5 hours by now, and her need had kicked in only about an hour after lunch break. Why oh why had she gone so hard on the coffee.

She had been holding on for as long as possible, but by now, the pressure was almost unbearable. She shifted from foot to foot, trying to find a comfortable position. She crossed her legs tightly and gritted her teeth, trying to hold on for as long as possible.

But the pressure was too great, and Ava could feel her muscles trembling with the effort of holding on. She fidgeted in her seat, trying to find a position that would ease the pressure. She squeezed her legs together and pressed her thighs together, hoping to relieve some of the discomfort. But it was no use, and Ava could feel her bladder stretching and straining with the effort of holding on.

She closed her eyes and took a deep breath, trying to calm her nerves. She counted to ten, trying to distract herself from the pain and pressure in her bladder. But as the minutes ticked by, Ava's desperation only seemed to grow.

She could feel the warmth of her urine against her skin, and she knew that she was running out of time. She was starting to feel dizzy and lightheaded, and she knew that she was in trouble.

She tried to hold on for just a little longer, but it was no use. She couldn't take it any longer, and she knew that she was about to lose control. She let out a cry of desperation and rushed towards the nearest bathroom, her bladder feeling like it was about to burst.

As she relieved herself, Ava let out a sigh of contentment. She felt the pressure easing and the pain subsiding, and she knew that she had made it just in time. She closed her eyes and let out a deep breath, savoring the feeling of release.

The warm and steady stream of urine flowed out of her, and Ava could feel the muscles in her pelvis relaxing. It was like a weight lifting off of her, and she let out a deep sigh of contentment as she emptied her bladder.

The urine was hot and almost seemed to steam as it hit the toilet water, the sound of it splashing against the porcelain echoing in the small bathroom. Ava could feel the warmth spreading through her body, and she closed her eyes, savoring the feeling. The stream of urine was strong and steady, the sound of it hitting the water almost soothing in its rhythm. Ava could feel the tension melting away as she let go, and she let out a deep sigh of relief.

As Ava finished using the bathroom, she washed her hands and adjusted her clothing, feeling grateful for the chance to relieve herself. Despite the discomfort and embarrassment of holding on for so long, she knew that it had been worth it in the end.

She emerged from the bathroom feeling renewed and refreshed, ready to tackle the rest of the workday. She knew that she had proven to herself and to the world that she was strong and disciplined, and she was determined to continue working hard to improve her control.

She returned to her desk and sat down, feeling more focused and energized than before. She settled into her work, determined to make the most of the remaining hours of the day. She noticed her boss looking at her though... Uh-oh...

