New York City Trip - Disgusting Things Even Happen to Classy Ladies

Author: Jo_Hannes

*000*2022-08-11 23:27

Eva Hausmann, 49, is a mother of three boys, the eldest son being 24, the youngest 16 and an architect by profession. Her eldest son had been living in New York City for a few months while interning with the United Nations. Eva had never been to New York and as she hadn't seen her eldest boy in a while, it was time for her to go and visit. As her husband had to stay back in Germany for work, Eva Hausmann flew across the pond on her own and arrived at New York's JFK airport on a Friday around noon. Unfortunately, it turned out that her suitcase had not made across the Atlantic with her, which might be due to the fact that she had to change planes at a chaotic London Heathrow Airport. 

She was not happy, but there was nothing she could change and the flight carrier promised to deliver her suitcase tomorrow evening by the latest. When her Uber finally stopped in front of her son's East Village flat her mood lightened up as she was happily greeted by her son. She wanted to book a hotel initially, but her son assured her that she could stay at his flat as his two male flatmates were also okay with her staying for the week. She did not mind saving the money for the hotel and did not need more than a sofa to sleep on.

In the evening the two flatmates came back from work and they all decided to cook some Mac'n'Cheese and make some salad together. Eva was not the only woman though as Chris' (one of the flatmates) girlfriend also came by. Everybody was interested to meet Mark's mum and Eva enjoyed the company although she could not converse as much as she wanted to since she was not as fluent in English as everybody else. The only thing that was bothering her was her stomach. She would never admit it to anybody, but flights (especially long-haul) usually led to her having some digestive issues, mostly flatulence.

This time was no different as her stomach had been rumbling and gurgling a little all day already. Eva contemplated about not eating any of the greasy Mac'n'Cheese, but then decided that it probably would not make much of a difference anyway. However, as soon as they had finished eating, her stomach felt really full and bloated. She felt like she needed to let out some hot and stinky air somewhere, but of course she could not do that in front of her son and his friends, especially not in their tiny East Village living room.

Further, even the bathroom was a "little problem" as led directly from the living room and was only separated by a very thin door with a gap of a few centimetres below. When one of the flatmates went to the toilet, and later also the girlfriend, Eva could hear everything that happened behind the bathroom door, from the pee stream, tearing off some toilet paper to the flush and them washing their hands. The 49-year-old really felt like she had to fart bad, but decided that she could not let out any farts behind this thin bathroom door in order not to embarass herself or even her son in front of his friends.

Her son then decided to still show her the beauty of New York City by night and she should decide where she wanted to go. Eva chose the Brooklyn Bridge as this construction had always fascinated her as an architect. When they got up and cleared the table, the German mum really felt her bloated stomach bothering her as she was wearing some rather tight blue jeans without having the option to change into something else due to her suitcase missing. Her son plus Jeff (the other flatmate) wanted to come along to the Brooklyn Bridge while Chris and his girlfriend decided to stay in and go to bed early. Eva Hausmann also felt the need to pee, so she had no choice but to use the bathroom before they left. Of course, right at this moment, everybody was kind of gathering in front of the bathroom door talking and cleaning up the kitchen.

The german woman was certain that she would not be able to pee without accidentally letting out a massive fart that might be heard even two houses down the road considering how bloated her stomach felt. She therefore had to find a way to let it happen as quietly as possible. She thought about spreading her ass cheeks with her hand through her jeans, but feared that some pee might escape when she tried to fart and that she would then pee her pants a little.

Spreading her ass cheeks with her hand on the toilet would still bear the risk of a loud, maybe very loud fart escaping her behind. Weighing her options, Eve decided to pull down her jeans and panties, tear off some toilet paper and as soon as she sat on the toilet, she pressed a wad of toilet paper right against her butthole in order not to make a sound. She then started peeing and her tactic worked until some larger puff of air escaped her behind with a sound that could certainly be heard on the other side of the door if somebody was listening like she did earlier. She prayed, however, that everybody was busy with some other things and did not hear her. When she was finished, they left and made their way to the subway station to get to the Brooklyn Bridge. Eva's stomach still felt quite bloated, but luckily she could stealthily let out some quiet puffs of air as soon as they were outside. At least this helped a little and made her feel less full.

The three of them then walked across the Brooklyn Bridge from the Manhattan side and as soon as Eva saw the famous bridge and the lit up skyline of New York City she was mesmerized and forgot about her stomach troubles for a few minutes. As it was a Friday evening in summer it was still really crowded on the bridge with lots of tourists just like the German. It was also still quite hot and Eva started sweating in her tight jeans and regretted not bringing any other clothes in her hand luggage. They took their time and took lots of photos as soon as other tourists allowed a good view. Not only on the bridge, but all the way to DUMBO where they sat down with many other tourists to admire the skyline of Manhattan.

Just when they started their way back towards the bridge, Eva got reminded of her stomach again. However, it was not only her stomach being bloated, but she rather suddenly got the urgent feeling that she had to let out some more than hot air. As she had to get up unusually early to catch her flight from Munich to London and then on to JFK she did not poop in the morning like she usually does and also did not repeat it at the airport or certainly not on the plane.

This means that she had not pooped in about two days which was not completely out of the ordinary, but the urge was not a surprise to her either. Thinking of the thin door at her son's flat she knew she would either have to find a place somewhere in public or even hold it until the next day. The urge to poop first subsided, but then it came back even stronger and even if she tried hard, Eva could not ignore it anymore. It happened right before walking on to the Bridge again and Eva thought that it might actually be a good idea to find a toilet before they were on the bridge. 

She then told the boys that she could "kinda do with a restroom somewhere" which led to some empty faces. Neither her son nor Jeff really knew where the closest public restrooms where. Jeff then remembered that there must be a bathroom close to a supermarket and restaurant right where they had walked. But that would mean that they would have to walk back for about 10 minutes and then walk all the way to the bridge again.

Eva did not give the impression that she needed a toilet quickly and said "never mind, I can also wait until we are home", while Mark said that there should be public toilets somewhere on the Manhattan side of the bridge. Eva quietly hoped that the urge would subside again, but it did not really. Combined with her still bloated stomach she felt rather uncomfortable now. As they had seen the bridge already, they did not stop as much as before, but could also not walk that fast due to it still being rather crowded. Just when they were about halfway across the bridge, a rather strong cramp hit Eva and it took her a few seconds to act casual again. She now knew that she desperately needed to let out quite some amount of gas in order to relieve the pressure. However, she had to wait for the right moment.

And the right moment in her opinion came when the two boys started laughing and walked towards a young man strolling across the bridge with his girlfriend. It turned out to be a good friend that they hadn't seen in quite some time and to whom they said hi. Eva, however, felt tired, sweaty and uncomfortable and was not in the mood to meet new people. She therefore stepped away from them a little to a spot where no other tourists were and pretended to look at the skyline. In reality though she concentrated hard on the right moment for some truck or police car to pass underneath so that it would be loud enough for her to fart freely. 

When she thought that it was loud enough, she pressed hard to let out as much as uncomfortable gas in her intestines as possible to relieve the pressure. However, before the female architect could feel any relief, she suddenly felt some hot and wet sensation around her butt and while she was still trying to press some gas out, she immediately knew that this was a very big mistake...although she did not want to believe it and was in shock for a few seconds. But there was no denying the fact that Eva Hausmann had just totally sharted her pants right on the Brooklyn Bridge in the center of New York City at the mature age of 49....

*002*2022-08-25 10:48

...Eva Hausmann refused to believe what just happened and in her state of shock she tried to enjoy the view of the skyline instead. But the warm and wet feeling on her behind quickly reminded her of the fact that she had a real problem. She tried to figure out how bad it was, but it was hard to say. At least she could not feel any wetness on the butt area of her jeans so far. And she thanked God for the decision to wear some comfy, light-blue full-cut panties with a pad for the flight instead of some thong. And she was also wearing her usual pad as she had some the common issue of some incontinence leaks here and there. But the damage was there and she had to quickly figure out what to do next.

Any suggestions how the story goes on? We can make this interactive if you like...

