Hands Free (Kaveh ends up pissing himself after being tied up by Alhaitham)

Author: jankyJayyy

*000*2023-01-27 12:08

"Do you even know what you're doing?" Kaveh sneered, straining against the ropes holding him back.

"Of course, my dear," Alhaitham assured him from between Kaveh’s legs, pulling the ropes just tight enough so that they pinched the sensitive skin of his inner thigh.

He kicked his calves to shake off the pressure, grinning when he heard the sharp clack of Alhaitham's jaw being shut for once. Maybe if he kicked it with enough force it would stay that way.

Alhatiham ignored his actions.

"Your Forest Scout Club team leader would be ashamed. Don't you take pride in your rope tying badge?" Kaveh badgered him.

"I wasn't a Forest Scout when I was a kid."

"Alhathaim the overachiever would have gone wild as a kid to collect all four hundred and seventy-three Forest Scout Club badges. I bet there were even planners and schedules on how to maximise your time per badge ratio."

"Actually, they weren't really a thing in my day."

"Oh, really?"

The sharp tug of rope dug into his thigh as Alhathaim tightened it to make sure it was secure before knotting it and moving on.

Kaveh squirmed, testing the limits of how much he could move but also to try and distract him from his desperation. While Alhathaim was fully clothed, Kaveh had nothing but a few ropes adorning him, leaving an undercurrent of excitement where they pressed into his skin.

“I have work to do-” Alhathaim started.

“You are not going to ditch me after you have spent the last hour attempting to tie me up with your grandma hands.”

“That’s not even an insult. Most grandma’s have wonderfully agile hands that can knit out a full jersey in less than a week.”

“Keep it in your pants big guy.”

“Put some on yourself then.”

Kaveh could only grin as he felt Alhathaims agitation grow behind him.

“Anyways, as I was saying before you rudely interrupted me. I have work to do - and you are going to sit on my lap and we’ll see how long you can hold your piss for.”

Kaveh fought the urge to cover his face with his hands. He could look straight into the eyes of the most powerful men in Sumeru and not even feel a thing but his roommate makes one mention about the ever present pressure he’s feeling and he feels like jelly. He gathered his bearings enough to speak from under his hair,

“That is, if you can finish up here before I just give up an piss on you.”

His face glowed. Kaveh couldn’t even hoist off the ropes as one of Alhathaim’s kinks since he’d been feeling a little too into it the whole time.

“Well good news for you because I’ve just finished. Up, up. Unlike you, I don’t have time to be a layabout. And this time, if you decide that you’re feeling overstimulated and try to hit me, I will hit you back twice as hard as payment for earlier.”

Kaveh simply looked Alhaitham in the eyes and grinned.

They got off the bed. He wasn’t quite sure what Alhathaim had done with the ropes - the majority of them crisscrossed around his forearms, thick tendrils of red enveloping his wrists and holding them against his chest where he couldn’t move them slightly.

He still had enough slack in the rope to walk though, he wasn’t going to question why Alhaitham had done something so unconventional. The man always schemed so it was sure to be useful later. If not even just for now when they were moving about.

It was probably a good thing that, unlike Kaveh, Alhaitham’s study was next to his bedroom. He could barely walk, every step tiny and shuffling and testing his already stretched limits.

“It would have been more practical if we had’ve just started things in your office.”

“But then I wouldn’t be able to do this,” Alhaitham said, tugging Kaveh backwards using the lines of rope criss-crossing his back.

His world narrowed in on his need to piss. Kaveh was full, half of his mind was on holding everything in at all times, and the other half was going to join soon. He fought against the urge to go right there.

Kaveh was not going to falter and he was not going to give Alhaitham more ammunition to tease him with. He shifted his weight as best as he could, marvelling at how he could almost sense the way his bladder sloshed around, fighting against his movements and begging for release.

It took a while for him to get his desperation under control and at the end of it he was panting, flushed and sending the most poisonous look to Alhaitham that he could.

“You are an asshole.”

Then it was Alhaitham’s turn to smirk at him. As if he’d gained the upper hand in this situation. Which was a complete joke.

“Are you ready to get moving? Earlier you were complaining about how slow I was and now look at you… What shall we do?”

And then he tugged again on the ropes.

“Fuck you!”

Panic washed over him. There was no stopping this time, the wave of desperation so soon after the first one made everything so much worse.

Bending over slightly, Kaveh did what he could to press himself and stop the piss from leaking it out. He shuddered, he could already feel piss pressing at the tip of his cock.

“I’ll take pity on you. But just this once. And only because I have plans that involve us getting further than the hallway.”

Alhaitham grabbed Kaveh’s cock and it was delicious. He tempted fate, relaxing control a bit and his vision teared up but fuck did it feel good.

Earlier that morning, at six o’clock when Kaveh had just rolled out of bed and Alhaitham had already been busy for at least an hour, Kaveh had hinted at doing something later that day. He had been the one to suggest using the weekend as an excuse to distract themselves from research for a while, his belly already bulging with his need to piss.

Kaveh stood still, savouring the overwhelming sensations, gasping when Alhaitham began to stroke his cock, still keeping his iron grip on it.

“Think of the credibility you’d lose,” Alhaitham began, their heads right next to each other. Kaveh chose silence to see if Alhaitham would continue. “Imagine what people would say if they saw me parading you around in public like this. You can barely even make it to the next room over, you're so desperate.”

The hand on his cock moved faster.

Despite most of his mental faculties being truly spent, he could still imagine the scenario Alhaitham described in flashes. Heat rose within, a mix of shame and arousal, and Kaveh didn’t trust himself to speak in fear of him sounding as debauched as he looked.

And they hadn’t even done much yet.

“Maybe I should take you into the Akademiya. Instead of you sitting on my lap in my home office, we could be in my office there. I could show everyone how good I am at taming you.”

Alhaitham’s voice slowly got quieter.

“I’m sure that you would enjoy that. You can pretend that we are in public and that anyone can just… forget to knock before they come into my office and see us.”

“I’m going to your office.”

Kaveh’s desperation was increasing and irritation was the perfect guise to push things along. The irritation wasn’t even faked. He hated the fact that they knew each other so well. Of course, Alhaitham would be able to tell all of his kinks and use that knowledge to fluster him.

He shuffled to Alhaitham’s desk, unable to take full strides because of course Alhaitham strove to make everything he did as annoying as possible. Sitting down on the desk, he rested his feet on the armrests of the desk chair and strategically positioned his body to show as much skin as possible to Alhaitham when he walked through the door.

Kaveh pouted. Clearly he would be taking his time. No problem.

While good at ignoring his mounting desperation under usual circumstances, maybe it was because he knew what the end result would be, but he could not distract himself. Clenching his fists he started to squirm as well as he could without the use of his hands. Not that it helped much.

But he would succeed. If Alhaitham walked in on Kaveh pissing himself, he would never hear the end of it. Every time he would deign to enter Alhaitham’s office, he’d get reminded of the time that he couldn’t even control himself and went and ruined the carpet like the uncouth piece of shit that Alhaitham seemed to be convinced that he was.

But at least he wouldn’t need to piss so badly.

Maybe he could let just a little bit off?

No. A sharp shudder of need pulsed through him and he barely managed to stop it before he burst. Kaveh was not going to piss on the carpet.

Frantically, he looked around the room. He wasn’t going to actually go through with anything, but it would be good to have a contingency plan in case Alhaitham decided that he really wanted to test Kaveh.

There was a rather small – too small – potted plant. Its green leaves drooped in the midday sun. Maybe Alhaitham should water it instead of relying only on his vision to keep the thing clinging on to life. Though, Kaveh could help out in that regard. They both had a problem, and he’d only be able to let out a little bit but it’d be enough…

There was also a window. A little bit high for him to feasibly aim through without his hands. But if he really lost it, that would be his solution.

Another pulse of need to go and need to go now rammed through him. Doubling over, he moaned gently, just just barely holding on.

He rubbed his thighs against each other, hating how every movement made his need exponentially worse. Bouncing his legs he felt like he was fighting against the inevitable and he was losing.

“Are you going to get your arse over here, today?” Kaveh grit out.

Taking in gasping breaths he tried to remove his mind from the situation.

It wasn’t helping.

Kaveh was just about to decide fuck it and piss out the window when Alhaitham strolled in, looking like he hadn’t been standing just outside the door and eavesdropping on every noise and shuffle Kaveh made.

“You’re looking rather desperate,” Alhaitham commented.

“Someone’s observation skills are top notch.”

Kaveh hadn’t gotten off of the desk yet and he wasn’t quite sure he wanted to take his legs off the armrests of the chair - too much jostling. With much reluctance, he drew one of his legs to his chest and allowed Alhaitham to slide into the chair.

“I think I rather like this. I’ve got such a wonderful view of you - and your desperation. Most people would have given in and gotten relief by now but not you… and I, just so happen to have an idea of what to do next.”

“What are you planning?” Kaveh did not like that look on Alhaitham’s face and he was right. Without warning, Alhaitham began to mouth at his cock-

It took every iota of strength he had to keep himself from pissing in Alhaitham’s mouth right then and there. Sure it would give him a kick, but he wanted something else.

“Can I sit on your lap?” Kaveh asked after waiting as long as he could handle and hating how quietly his voice came out.

Alhaitham continued to abuse his cock. Giving more attention to his head than absolutely necessary and it drove him mad.

Mouthing at it, Kaveh can only just see the smallest peeks of Alhaitham’s tongue. But he can certainly feel it. It was a shame that he couldn’t use his hands to grab only Alhaitham and give him some sort of anchor in his torrent of feeling.

Alhaitham took his mouth off Kaveh’s cock with a particularly lewd pop and looked him in the eyes. He barely looked debauched and Kaveh would give a lot to change that.

“It’s… a lot,” Kaveh eventually settled on. “Not sure how much longer I’ll hold on for but it won’t be long until your paperwork gets ruined. Fuck, maybe I should just piss in your mouth if you’re going to go down on me with no warning like that.”

“Not my problem. Just shut up and focus on not pissing yourself.”

Whether it was from his desperation or from Alhaitham’s skill, Kaveh ended up so worked up with not enough outlets - he was so used to being in control - he didn’t know how to just focus on feeling. He needed to do something.

Electricity danced under his skin and he dug his feet into the backrest of Alhaitham’s chair.

Alhaitham’s fingers pressed into the dip of his back. “I think it’s time for me to work for a little bit,” he said with a vulgar grin that was all teeth, no lips and cocky. And he pulled Kaveh off the table and into his lap.

Kaveh whimpered, legs clenched around Alhaitham. His head jammed between the other man’s junction between neck and shoulder. “Don’t do that! Alhaitham please-”

Alhaitham didn’t reply for a few moments. “You can do whatever you want, but I need to get some work done.”

There’s a brush of a hand against the small of his back, it was gently and barely noticeable over the sound of stationery being set up. Kaveh smirked and shifted his positioning.

Below him, Alhaitham’s dick pressed into Kaveh’s own. Experimentally, he ground forward, pressing his dick between their stomachs. It was great, being able to take the edge off of his need. Continuing with much more vigour, he distracted himself with the pleasures of moving his body against Alhaitham’s.

Something in him spasmed and Kaveh stopped, body dead still as another shiver wracked his body. Against his will, a small spurt leaked out of his cock.

He put his toes on the ground. While moving positions, he managed to get a quick glance at the mora-sized wet patch he’d left on Alhaitham’s pants, the liquid already absorbed into a dark stain.

Maybe if he can distract Alhaitham, Kaveh can get his full attention back. His position was better - he could press harder against his dick and add more bounce in his movement to distract both him and Alhaitham.

His muscles burned from the knowledge that release was so close but so far away. Furthermore, he was antsy. There is no comfortable position with the amount of slack Alhaitham has left in the ropes linking his thighs. Either he has to rest his full weight on Alhaitham with his thighs pulled up - and squeezing his cock so deliciously, but also pressing too much on his bladder for him to handle - or stretch on his toes.

He kept trying to lift himself up as much as he could before dropping himself back down. The jolting was too much - tears threatened his vision, clumping his eyelashes together. He must look terrible.

And he didn’t care. Not when Alhaitham paused his work for a moment to look at him and there was nothing but lust in his sharp gaze.

“If you can stop squirming until after I’ve finished the page, I’ll reward you with a bit of help,” Alhaithaim suggested.

“Not sure if I can make it. I’m a bit desperate right now.” Kaveh punctuated that with a roll of his hips that barely did anything to curb his urge. “What sort of reward are we talking about?”

Pausing in mock contemplation, Alhaitham stared at him again.

“How about I give you a free pass to do anything that you want?” Alhaitham asked.

“I want you to fuck me. Not later, not another day, but now, while I still need to piss myself.”

Just thinking about Alhaitham’s dick digging into his aching bladder as he pounded into Kaveh had his own dick straining even more than it already was. There was not much that he could think of asking for - at least not right now - but that sounded hot and the moment he got more stimulation he would be shooting off like a firework.

“Certainly. Just make sure that you don’t squirm too much then.”

With that, Alhaitham shifted his focus back to his work while surreptitiously glancing at Kaveh and a hand would wander around at times, drifting over an ab or resting in the crook of his thigh.

Taking in a deep breath, Kaveh released it slowly, ignoring how shaky it was. Alright, no squirming. Fighting against the instinct to continue grinding, he pressed himself flat against Alhaitham. It wasn’t much help, but it was certainly better than leaving his dick exposed and flushed with urgency.

“How much longer?” Kaveh asked. He wanted to laugh at himself. No way had it been more than a minute or two since Alhaitham had made his declaration.

“Just a few more minutes. I would offer to talk through what I’m doing but I doubt that you could comprehend the complexities of Cataclysm-era English.”

“Please do not bore me with that drivel. I would rather live my life without seeing another book again than be forced to listen to you wax poetic about the similarities between ancient languages. Least of all while we’re in the middle of something.”

“If only you could put half as much vitriol as that towards your research. You would actually get it finished.”

Kaveh huffed. “At least I don’t run around writing everything down in a little notebook.”

“And at least I remember my appointments, unlike you.”

“Alhaitham, whether you remember your appointments or not, do you know how many times I have stumbled upon you cowering away from them.”

“Because they’re all idiots.”

“Hah, I can agree with you on that one.”

“Alright, enough pestering me. I’m done.”

Something about that phrase struck Kaveh to his core. It was against his will that the smallest dribble of piss escaped, dripping down his hard cock and onto Alhaitham’s pants, shining wonderfully in the afternoon sun before soaking in.

Silence.

Without warning, a full torrent of piss gushed out. He fought to get his control back, but could only succeed in stopping his flow for a few seconds before his mind would wander back to his current situation and his body would just… continue to piss again.

Kaveh actively held back everything. His focus is so intense that he can barely even breathe, barely even move. He is at his limit.

“Are you going to help me out?” Kaveh asked, words coming out as a whine instead of a snarky remark. Not that he cared at that moment.

His mind went back to the window or even the potted plant and like Alhaitham could read his mind, he grabbed Kaveh’s hips, nail’s digging into the soft skin. The pain was great, it helped to pull his mind away and let him hold on for a little bit longer.

Experimentally he pushed himself into the wet spot. It was still warm and wet and it felt so very good. When another leak rushed out of him, he didn’t even put up the slightest protest. Enjoying it as much as he could.

It didn’t take long for his frantic urgency to subside, leaving behind a large wet spot - spanned from Alhaitham’s knees all the way up to his stomach, and he didn’t have to look to know that there were spatters of wetness decorating the floor.

Kaveh groaned. “I still feel so full, Alhaitham. How about you fuck the rest of the piss out of me?”

“What the fuck have you been drinking? There is no way that you still need to piss?”

“Not all of us have to contend with running off to the bathroom every thirty minutes because we have a tiny bladder. Your offer is ticking away, do you want to take it? Or should I contend with having to help myself out without you?”

“We’ll need to get you prepared then,” Alhaitham said, and his hand tentatively slipped lower down Kaveh’s arse.

It was not often that Kaveh was actually in the mood to get fucked. He has always preferred to appear to have control in the situations he was in, but today was different. Today was very different, and his cock strained against his stomach at the thought of Alhaitham mercilessly tormenting his tired bladder during sex.

“Are you going to take the spare lube out of your drawer now, or are you going to pretend that it isn’t there to increase the supposed tension of the situation? Because if you think you’re going to be able to draw things out, you’re sorely mistaken. I am moments away from pissing on you and you better make the best of this.”

To emphasise his point, another spurt escaped before he could clamp down.

“Alright, alright,” Alhaitham sighed, reaching over and grabbing the aforementioned lube. There was silence until fingers tentatively brushed against his arse and Kaveh bore down, both of them slipping in easily - he’d already prepared himself a bit earlier so now it was more just another form of torture more than anything.

Those fingers gently massaged every centimetre inside him, groping for every single crevice that numbed his vision and raised his desperation. The assault was relentless and Kaveh wasn’t sure if he was just leaking that much precum or if he was just plain leaking. Probably leaking.

Not that he cared as wave upon wave of pleasure caressed him. His muscles clenched at the thought of how much better Alhaitham’s cock would be than his fingers. The continued, slow and tortuous. Rolling his hips as best he could in his position.

It was almost too much for him.

“I’m ready. Honestly, at this point I wouldn’t even care if I wasn’t. Are you going to take your dick out now or what?”

It was absolutely lewd watching Alhaitham undo his pants, the wet fabric clinging to his thighs and the afternoon sunlight glinting off of them and the hand that was covered in lube from toying with Kaveh’s arse.

And the juxtaposition between himself- naked, sweaty, flushed and achingly hard with piss- and Alhaitham, barely a hair out of place and yet his dick as wet as his pants.

Kaveh’s legs were so numb that he could barely pick himself up properly and it was only Alhaithaim’s steady hands that helped guide him. He kept it slow, the gentle stretch of being filled so much feeling like it was too much even when he’d barely lowered himself,

Bottoming out got celebrated with a gush of piss that hissed between them, spattering Alhaithaim’s chest and taking the edge off the pressure.

He continued to roll his hips, shivering every single time Alhaitham’s cock jabbed at his bladder. He wanted to both chase and escape the pleasure but whenever his movements stuttered, Alhaitham quickly snapped his own hips up to prompt him to continue, or would shove him back down harder.

More piss leaked out of him, much more than any of his previous leaks and it left him a bit more clear-headed and able to focus. He decided not to comment on how Alhaitham had gone back to working. Or pretending to.

Not even Alhaitham was skilled enough to be able to neatly write while having someone fucking themselves on top of him.

Fine then. He would give Alhaitham a show to distract him from his pretend work.

He leaned back, edge of the desk digging into his back.

“It’s not enough,” Kaveh whined. “If I’m going to be fucked, I want it done properly.” He threw on his most seductive grin - the one that had anyone except for Alhaitham swooning and begging for more.

“You’re very needy today.”

“But you do want to fuck me on the desk, don’t you.”

Alhaitham sighed. “I do.”

Kaveh just about lost his mind waiting for Alhaitham to meticulously pack up his desk - some of those papers weren’t even legit. Why was he putting them into a neat pile? He really was a bastard sometimes.

The resulting jolt from Alhaitham smoothly lifting him and slamming him down on the table shut him up very quickly. The sudden change of position has his bladder fighting against him as his legs get pressed into his chest. Kaveh gasped, helpless to give nothing more than a token protest as another leak pressed out.

“I am going to piss right here on your desk, if you fuck me,” Kaveh gave one last warning, conveniently ignoring how he’d already ruined the desk. His pissed pooled around him, soaking into the ropes wrapping around his lower back.

“You say that as if that isn’t what I want to happen,” Alhaitham scoffed.

“If you complain during cleanup, I will hit you.”

“Duly noted.”

Alhaitham wasted no time in entering him. And fuck… it was a lot. Normally Kaveh was the king of taking cock whenever he decided that he was in the mood for it. But Alhaitham stretched him out - his entire body tingling from being so on edge - and the cruel way that he mercilessly slammed into his bladder, testing it and only pressed forward harder when he spurted.

Kaveh couldn’t even press back against Alhaitham’s thrusts. He was too tied up and too tired to force that out of him. His head dropped back and he let himself go, enjoying the slew of sensations.

Naturally, Alhaitham brought himself to orgasm first. Kaveh couldn’t feel anything inside him, but he could tell in the way Alhaitham’s nails dug into his skin and he moaned deeply - one of the few vocalisations that afternoon apart from jabbing quips.

Which meant that now he was even fuller. It was surely his imagination, but he could feel the pulsing of Alhaitham’s come against his bladder. And due to the lube and cum in him, Alhaitham slipped out.

Already, he could feel it leaking out, and that was that for him. Kaveh’s attention narrowed in on that pinpoint of pleasure and Alhaitham grabbed at his cock that had been abandoned for so long - shivering, the pressure struck him to his core and he could do nothing except pant and moan as the hand on his cock continued to milk every bit of pleasure that it could.

Everything mounted to a true climax as his bladder muscles tried to relax, but were not the driving force anymore, and were forced to wait.

His dick hadn’t even softened when he finally lost control. The painfully strong stream shot into Ahaitham’s chest and splattered everywhere.

It petered out quickly. Kaveh rested his head against the table to try and gain his bearings. He lay there panting as piss dribbled onto the floor.

“You look like a wreck,” Alhaitham commented from above. He’d wasted no time in neatening up his drenched clothing.

He would have said a nasty quip back if he had the energy left over. Instead, he settled for a crooked grin and said, “Don’t care - feel too good.”

“And how am I going to get back to work if you’re planning to take a nap on my desk?”

“You could take me to bed.”

“I could, but I could just go by myself.”

Kaveh grinned before grabbing the end of the knot on his wrists with his teeth and pulling on it to loosen it. “I’ll take myself then.”

“You really need to get better at pretending that I make my knots difficult to undo.”

“Where’s the fun in that?”

“That’s exactly where the fun is.”

Using his just-freed fingers, Kaveh began to unravel the ropes.

Alhaitham got his message and joined him, together making quick work of unwrapping him now that they were done for the day. Not that it would take too long for them to do something in the near future.

###

Hope you enjoyed reading this~

*002*2023-01-28 10:33

{{21 hours ago, FluffyEyebrows said:

Ahh! finally- some gay omo! loved this one ^-^

}}

Yea there's definitely a bit of a lack of that - working on that issue lol~

Super glad you enjoyed it

