Lauren's Game 4: Home Edition

Author: jb2ja

*000*2022-01-24 18:28

This is the fourth installment of the Lauren's Game series (see parts one

, two

, three

)

Lauren’s Game 4: Home Edition

###

Lauren's apartment building had a bit of an odd feeling to it. Originally built more than sixty years earlier as an office building, it had seen more than its fair share of repurposing over its lifetime - and it had picked up a handful of peculiar architectural features along the way. Most of the units in the building looked passably normal, arranged in an ordinary enough layout that you could have been forgiven for believing that student housing had been the plan from the beginning. But on almost every floor there was one unit where it seemed like the developers had thrown architectural norms to the wind in order to squeeze in one more unit. It was in such a squeezed-in unit that Lauren and her flatmate Emma resided. Lauren's bedroom was larger in total area than that of Emma's, but wasted most of that real estate in an awkward L-shape that could only have been a desperate bid to access a window to the outside world.

What you might call the living room was, really, just a corner of the kitchen into which a sofa and television had been oddly wedged. And a narrow hallway off that kitchen squandered still more floor space to snake around to a bathroom that Lauren could only guess had once been a janitorial closet. It still bore the hardware allowing it to be padlocked from the outside, and it had crossed Lauren’s mind more than once that you'd have to climb out the window if someone decided to lock you in there as a joke. Thankfully for Lauren, Emma wasn't the practical joking type. And Lauren didn’t much think that trapping someone in a small space would be very funny either.

Now, trapping them outside that space... They’d never discussed the topic, but Lauren rather suspected that might be where she and her flatmate would differ. Lauren had long had a fascination with a particular activity for which a body might need to use that room—or, perhaps more to the point, in the events that might transpire if a body couldn't get into that room when such a need existed. A padlock could keep a body out just as soon as in, after all. And to Lauren there was nothing quite so intriguing as a body that very much needed to get in there.

The idea had been little more than an idle fantasy until just recently. It would’ve been hard to claim to have flipped shut the hasp, inserted the shackle of a padlock, rotated the lock’s body around, and pushed it together until it engaged, all totally and completely by accident. Fun, perhaps, but damned difficult to explain without outing herself and her unusual interests. She’d imagined it, of course—her flatmate coming home with a full bladder after a long, well-hydrated run to stay in shape. Wearing a tight pair of athletic shorts that showed off her toned runner’s ass. Lauren envied that ass most of the time, truth be told—although not enough to actually adopt such a fitness routine for herself. It would have been satisfying to see Emma’s perfect little butt bob up and down a little as she held in a very large, very urgent pee.

As cute as it was seeing another girl bite her lip and cross her legs, though, in truth the sort of body that Lauren really wanted to see retaining water had a little more equipment between its legs. She was naturally more of an admirer of the male form in general, but when it came to this particular facet of the human experience there was more to it than just that. It felt like it would be difficult to explain to someone who didn’t naturally share her interests—not that she’d ever tried to explain it, of course.

But it was a different thing when a man needed to pee, and for reasons that went far beyond an admiration for the equipment with which they did it. Lauren was, in a way, never really surprised when circumstances forced her to hold it in. She was caught off guard sometimes. Everyone was, sooner or later. But it never really felt like a surprise, in the truest sense of the word, to her or to anyone around her. People practically expected girls to need to tinkle constantly and at inconvenient times.

And for as much as Lauren bristled at the stereotype and occasionally even tried to prove just how wrong it was, that stereotype almost made it too easy for her to declare she had to go. Sure, people might roll their eyes at her, but she was a girl, so they would more or less let her stop the world – or even stop it for her – to go find a toilet. And maybe she’d built up an exaggerated idea of it in her mind, but she didn’t feel like men received that same courtesy. They were molded from a young age to be assertive and self-sufficient. If if their bladder was overfull with piss, there was no need to be all weak and whiny about it. Their penis was a free pass to the express lane at most restrooms, anyway. And, even failing that, it was practically a god-given license to urinate wherever they damn well pleased.

All of this made it rarer to find a gentleman in true distress, of course, but it made for a much more interesting show when it actually did happen – when fortune threw her a dumb jock who had gotten so used to being able to mark his territory everywhere he went that he looked like he was trying to translate ancient Greek when he realized there was nowhere for him to go. Or a shy nerd who was left holding it in quietly while the rest of his cohort watered the second tree to the right. Lauren once went to a house party where it was kind of an unspoken rule that guys were supposed to pee outside and leave the one toilet for the girls. Talk about awkward if you were a guy who wanted to join the line.

Life’s little mismatches made for some of the best squirming. And it was beyond adorable to watch those guys try to act like they were still in control of their worlds—so much so that Lauren had made rather a long-standing game of trying to nudge the gentlemen in her life into just such a situation whenever she got the chance. It was rather an exhilarating game, really. And, for as fun as it would have been to see Emma’s too-perfect physique taken down a peg, she would have gladly issued Emma a key to the potty padlock in exchange for her agreement to a strict house rule that cute boys weren’t allowed to pee in their bathroom.

Alas, that would be a tough sell. Emma was single at this exact moment, but she had had the occasional gentleman caller in the time they’d shared the flat. And – not to suggest that Lauren had been surveilling those gentlemen or anything untoward like that – but a girl couldn’t help but notice that those gentlemen did, occasionally, need to go. Lauren had even heard the last boyfriend say as much once. He’d been a fun one to look at—another runner, Lauren was pretty sure. On that particular occasion, Lauren had just slipped into the bathroom and shut the door behind her when she’d heard him say it. “Oh, shoot,” his voice carried easily around the corner and through the cheap, hollow door that Lauren had just closed. “I was about to head that way,” he’d explained to his ladyfriend. And, truth be told, Lauren had only popped in there with the intention of having a quick leak.

It was a Friday night, and her bladder was tingling with the effects of a couple drinks she’d had to blow off steam from the week, as was not only her custom but also that of most of the building’s residents. But in that moment, something compelled her to instead flicked on the exhaust fan and start the shower going. Something about hearing that guy’s words had suddenly made Lauren feel very dirty. And forgetful. Without even locking the door, she’d stripped completely naked for her shower.

As she stepped into the hot spray, she barely tugged the curtain halfway closed behind her, smiling to herself as her mind playing with the question of just how badly a guy might need to go before he tried something really awkward to find relief. Crashing Lauren’s shower time would have been a sure way to find out if Emma was the jealous type. And while she couldn’t hear any more dialog over the roar of the water, she imagined the tickle of her own bladder couldn’t have been too much different than what that gentleman outside must have felt while waiting for his turn.

Eventually, of course, her shower had lasted as long as it could without arousing suspicion, and she’d ended it. She’d turned off the shower and toweled herself thoroughly dry, the cool air of the room tickling at her increasingly eager genitalia – she still hadn’t attended to her original reason for being in that room. She made a point of turning off the exhaust fan before addressing her final matter of business—a long, loud, and very satisfying pee. She wasn’t normally the type to want anyone else listening in. Under ordinary circumstances it would have been embarrassing to think that some guy she barely knew was bearing witness, if only by ear, to exactly how much she’d been holding inside of her, to exactly how badly she’d needed that toilet just then, to just how much trouble she’d have been in if she hadn’t been allowed to go.

And after a long shower she’d had to piss pretty badly, if she was being honest. But, this time, she actually hoped the sound carried to the sofa. She wasn’t a helpless little girl who needed to tinkle. She was a powerful woman, with a monopoly on the toilet, who had held her pee in until she’d decided it was time. And she wanted him to know that. She could have peed before her shower. She’d chosen not to. And all that piss that then poured out of her body did so because she allowed it, because she’d run out of anything else productive to do in that room. It had been at the very bottom of her priority list. And she wondered where peeing ranked on his list of priorities right then.

How much of an impression her little stunt had made on him, she’d never really know. But Lauren noticed with some satisfaction that Mr. Runner’s Butt (she never did catch his name…) didn’t waste any time once she finally vacated the lavatory. That was the end of that round, though. She never got to find out just exactly how badly he needed to go, to hear if his stream lasted as long as hers had. In all probability she hadn’t pushed him anywhere near his true limit. He’d have had to have been pretty uncomfortable at the beginning of her shower to have been in great distress at the end of it. But he had been drinking, so anything was possible.

And he might not have wanted to lose points by leaving his ladyfriend sitting all by herself any more often than necessary. It’s not very chivalrous to abandon your ladyfriend. In any event, the promptness with which he’d headed to the lavatory upon its availability was the only real sign of eagerness that she’d gotten to observe. That was how Lauren’s game almost always ended, sadly. At the end of the day, she could only take the game so far without people catching on to her. And mounting a “Women” sign on the sole bathroom in a private residence? For as much as she’d have liked to see that guy denied entry for even longer after her little shower stunt, that would have been awfully hard to pass off as natural.

It was too bad, she reflected, that they didn’t live in an all-girls dormitory with a big, shared bathroom. They’d have only needed one, of course. And it would only have made sense to mark it “Ladies.” There was no point in wasting space on a men’s room if there weren’t any men living there. And if their boyfriends snuck in for a visit after hours, well, she supposed they’d just have to hold it in while they kept a low profile. It would certainly make sleepovers more interesting—doubly so if anyone happened to be patrolling the halls for signs of infraction just when Troy was getting eager to take off. But in the real world, to Lauren's frequent disappointment, most bladders seemed to find their way to a toilet long before things even started to get interesting.

And maybe it was a good thing that the game was sporting most of the time. Lauren had to admit, she did rather enjoy the thrill of the hunt. An emergency wouldn’t really be an emergency if it happened every other day. But for as much as Lauren enjoyed a good challenge, on this particular night, she was both eagerly and nervously looking forward to a truly unprecedented shift in the playing field. Emma was out of town. And Troy, who would be arriving shortly, was now in on the game—knowingly and willfully walking right into it, no web of lies needed.

That wasn’t to say that Lauren didn’t get to exercise her creativity—she was hoping for quite the opposite, in fact. It seemed to her that, under the circumstances, she was for the first time entitled to a little suspension of disbelief as she suspended his bathroom privileges. And having that kind of artistic licence was exciting – and, honestly, a little terrifying. She was painting on an entirely different canvas now. And she wasn’t sure how exactly the new medium was going to work out. That, too, was part of the thrill.

It was such a crazy idea that Lauren had nearly convinced herself more than once that she must have been imagining it—or at the very least that Troy had thought she was only joking. It did sound a little ridiculous, if you actually stopped to think about it. She’d only suggested it in the heat of the moment, amid a purely hypothetical conversation stoked by a perfect storm of alcohol and adrenaline and the intoxicating tickle of her own bladder. And she’d known some guys to agree to some pretty dumb stunts in her time, but even she’d never thought it could be as simple as just telling a guy that he looked really good when he had to go really bad.

To her surprise, though, they’d kept talking about it all week. They’d be having an innocent conversation about, say, the logistics of his Friday work schedule and what time he’d be at her place for dinner, when he’d slip in something like “Of course, I suppose I’ll get out the door a couple minutes faster than usual if I skip the bathroom.” Eventually, the “if” he skipped the bathroom evolved to “when” the men’s room was shockingly and unexpectedly found to be out of order at his quitting time, and poor Troy would have no choice but to make the journey to her place with a little extra ballast onboard. And, while Lauren couldn’t bring herself to be quite as bold without wine as she evidently was with it, all this talk about him skipping his after-work pee had helped her feel a little less self-conscious about at least implying that she’d be interested in seeing how such a turn of events played out.

And so, by the time Friday finally came, while Lauren still wasn’t so emboldened as to barrage Troy with every excited thought that popped into her head on the subject, she was feeling just brave enough to text him a reminder to drink a healthy dose of water. Anyone should try to stay properly hydrated, after all, regardless of whatever evil schemes their girlfriend may or may not be hatching with regard to toilet availability. And Troy, for his part, continued to play along, messaging her back as his break drew to a close.

Troy: Yikes. I took my lunch break just in time. Men’s room is out of order now. If I hadn’t peed when I did, I’d have been holding it all day.

That sounded like he was really going through with it. Unless he was just pretending? Lauren tapped out her response nervously but excitedly.

Lauren: Ooh, that was a close one. You’ve still got half the day left.

That had been the deal, or at least the story of the deal that Lauren was hoping was more than just a story. He was allowed his midday pee as usual, but then after that the firehose that nature gave him was to remain clamped off until further notice. Still, Lauren couldn’t help but smile at the way Troy had just framed the story – as though he were lucky he’d gotten to pee at work at all today. It was easy to appreciate a much-needed pee at the end of a long hold, but she’d never known someone to be at all grateful for a routine pee at the beginning. Then again, Lauren supposed, other people seldom knew in advance that it would be their last pee before getting into a very uncomfortable state. This was more about the anticipation of what was to come than an appreciation for what had happened.

The idea of a harsher deal—of Troy being forced to hold through his entire work day instead of just the second half—was a fun one, of course. She would have enjoyed texting with Troy while he got increasingly distracted from his work. Maybe even teasing him a little with how easily she could pee where she was. Give it maybe an hour after his usual lunchtime pee – time enough that he’d definitely be fuller than he normally let it get – and send a faux-innocent little message.

Ooh, I’d really better pay a little visit to the ladies’ room. Oh, you still haven’t peed either? Aw, I thought they would’ve fixed that by now. Hang on a minute, though, I really do need to go super badly. Oh my god, that feels so much better. There’s nothing like a good pee when you really need it, is there? Oh, right, sorry, I don’t mean to rub it in—I just had to go so bad that I’d have seriously stuck my naked butt out the window of a moving car on main street if that was the only way to let it out. You aren’t needing it that badly yet, are you? Oh, jeez, that bad? I’m really sorry.

Maybe I should’ve tried to wait until we could both go. Is that what a nice girlfriend is supposed to do? But I just had to go so badly you wouldn’t believe it! Would it have been better if I’d just let a little bit out? I know that’s still more than you’re getting, but I swear I really don’t think I could’ve held it all in for another minute. And then once I started it just felt so good letting it finally pour out that I wasn’t thinking about how to be fair to you. But once the pressure went down I probably could’ve stopped if I’d tried. Lauren imagined herself, naked from the waist down, sitting on the toilet she’d been absolutely dying to get to for hours. She imagined Troy standing in front of her now—to hell with him being at work.

It was more fun with him standing there, supervising to make sure she didn’t let out more than she was allowed to And it was so hard to stop the flow once it was going. Her imaginary self squeezed her knees together as she forced it to stop. There was so much still inside of her. Her body wanted to let it all out. But relieving the pressure at all had been a special exception. Holding it was supposed to mean holding all of it. Generally speaking in life, you could either find somewhere to piss or you couldn’t. The world didn’t ratchet down its difficulty setting just because you’d gotten in over your head and it wanted to keep things sporting. Maybe Imaginary Troy should have told her to toughen up.

Lauren’s tangent of imagination notwithstanding, though, if Troy hadn’t been allowed to visit the little boy’s room for an entire work day, he probably would have reached his limit before he arrived at her place. And then she’d have missed the chance to see all the best parts with her own eyes. Even if he did manage to hang on until their meet-up – and, to his credit, he’d probably have tried his best for her – he’d have been bursting by the time he got there. And as sexy as it sounded having him show up at her door begging for relief from the beginning, Lauren had really been looking forward to a longer game than that. She’d been eagerly crafting a plan all week, in fact. She’d even acquired props.

And so by the end of Troy’s work day—unbeknownst as yet to him, of course—a plastic sign, exactly as one might expect to see at a public restroom, labeled the sole bathroom door in Lauren’s apartment for "Women". Several feet away, on a bare wall that had never had a door but on which blue painter’s tape had traced a door-sized rectangle, another plastic sign declared "Men". Below that sign was taped a piece of paper upon which someone had handwritten the words "Out of Order" in large printed letters.

"Sorry for the inconvenience!" appeared in the corner in much smaller, more flowery cursive, with a little smiley face added for flair. What unfortunate timing for Troy, Lauren grinned as she admired her work, on the same day as his office restroom. What were the odds? It was as though somehow the men’s rooms of the world were all connected, and one failure could bring the whole system crashing down. Thank goodness I’m a girl, she thought. So much for nice girls not peeing while their boyfriends had to told it in. Maybe she wasn’t such a nice girl after all.

###

When finally Troy knocked on her door, Lauren answered wearing a short red dress he had never seen before, one made of an elastic material that clung to her body and showed off her figure. She had a pair of leggings to keep her warm, but they too stretched to match her shape, leaving rather little to Troy’s imagination. It was enough to make a guy forget about that other silly thing he’d been wanting to do with his dick.

For Lauren’s part, though, letting him forget wasn’t exactly the goal. She nudged him to hang up his jacket in the closet, hoping her new bathroom signage might catch his eye. Troy complied but, to her disappointment, if he did see the sign then he at least gave no indication of it. And he certainly didn’t venture close enough to appreciate the little smiley face. And after all the effort Lauren had put into the little details.

She managed to get a beer in his hands with dinner. It was a risky move, not knowing the state of his bladder, but every time he tipped the bottle to his mouth for another sip Lauren’s pulse quickened just a touch. To her, there was something very suggestive about a man confidently pouring the contents of that frosty bottle down his throat as though nothing could possibly go wrong. A girl who hadn’t peed all afternoon might’ve avoided alcohol until she was satisfied that she’d be able to do so soon. But guys seemed not to worry about that as much, seemed to not be as keenly aware of cause and effect. Does beer really turn into pee?, she could almost imagine one of them asking naively before shrugging it off because it didn’t really matter anyway. Finding a place to pee was seldom difficult in their world.

Lauren wanted so badly to know what was happening that it was all she could do to not barrage him with every possible question about the state of his bladder. Did he really skip his end-of-day pee, or had he decided that the whole idea was just a silly joke? She was going to be more than a little embarrassed if she’d misread him. But then perhaps she could claim the bathroom signs had just been a joke too—a silly little stunt to be chuckled at for a moment and then cast aside. He didn’t ever have to know that those bathroom signs had only been the tip of the iceberg—not if she could keep him out of her bedroom, at least.

And either way, really, that beer was going to turn into pee sooner or later. She could always fall back on her classic moves. Do you really have to go right now? Can’t you just wait a little while? We’re having such a nice time. The game had always been a dynamic one. Waiting and wondering and trying to not be too obvious about her evil scheme weren’t exactly new experiences for her. But she’d really been looking forward to a new kind of game for that evening.

So the suspense continued as he told her about his day. She tried to tell him about hers, although in truth much of the afternoon had been spent on the final prep work for the game that she couldn’t quite bring herself to bring up for fear that he was not in fact playing it. Lauren asked if he’d been looking forward to getting off work so he could get to her place, hoping he might comment on a certain fullness of the abdomen adding to his eagerness. But he didn’t mention it. Honestly, who didn’t look forward to the end of work or school on a Friday, whether they had to pee or not?

Eventually, though, the topic had to come up. It was Troy who finally broke the urinary ice. "I notice the men's room is out of order," he remarked after a pause in the conversation.

So he had seen the sign! Lauren’s face betrayed her excitement for a moment before she got control of herself. "Yeah, sorry," she scrunched up her face in a slightly delayed display of sympathy. "If I’d known earlier, I might have suggested we go somewhere else for dinner” she said, as though they weren’t sitting in her own home. “One of the waitresses told me the toilet was destroyed in a freak remodeling accident this morning," she quickly supplied a backstory.

Troy, for his part, really hadn’t peed since lunch. After an entire week of talking about it, he would have had to have been pretty dense to miss the fact that Lauren wanted him to hold it in for her. “Wanted” wasn’t even the right word for it. She craved it. Troy needed only to mention the idea that he or another man (real or imagined) might be in need of some relief, and Lauren would dive into a rich fantasy of forcing him to wait patiently. So, while he wasn’t sure of the details of exactly what he’d gotten himself into for that evening, there was no doubt in his mind that he’d gotten himself into something.

"Maybe I should just slip into the women's room," he teased her. It seemed like a little bit of a flaw in her scenario. "I don’t think anyone could get too upset, under the circumstances."

And Troy was probably mostly right about that. At a small business, with a pair of single-occupancy restrooms, it was a little silly to even put Men and Women signs on the doors in the first place. How often did it leave someone standing there awkwardly, holding it in because the other person who needed to go at the same time happened have the same kind of genitals? It was especially awkward when a third person showed up who happened to have the opposite genitals, breezing right past candidate #2 toward relief. But, then, there really were people who weren’t comfortable using the same toilet as those opposite genitals, even if they weren’t in the room at the same time.

It was a little harder to defend that position when a toilet was actually out of order and not just momentarily occupied or closed for cleaning. And, at the end of the day, it didn’t really seem very justifiable to complain about someone else having used a public toilet before you. That was kind of the premise of a public toilet, was it not? But ask enough people and someone would probably tell you that Troy should just wait until their next stop – or go find a tree to pee behind if he really couldn’t wait.

“That’d be awkward,” Lauren winced dramatically at the idea of him invading the women’s space, as though the shame of even being associated with such an act would be too much for her to bear. “Can’t you just wait for a little while?,” she asked. “I’m sure we’ll be able to find you somewhere to go after we’re through here—Every men’s room in town can’t be out of order.”

Under normal circumstances, Troy thought, he wouldn’t have doubted that last statement for a moment. The whole thing would’ve been a non-issue. But these weren’t normal circumstances. In Lauren’s fantasy land, it was entirely possible that every men’s room for miles around really was out of service at the same time. Still, he was determined to play along. If Lauren was even half as excited about this scenario as she’d seemed when they first talked about it, then it was worth sticking with.

Compared to some of the other idiotic situations he’d gotten into trying to impress women in his lifetime, this one really wasn’t half bad. Some boyfriends were probably at art exhibits at this very moment, trying to feign interest in a banana duct taped to a wall. Or trying not to fall asleep in the middle of a seminar on the role of women in society during World War I. Lauren’s little the-men’s-room-is-closed fantasy was almost fun by comparison. She was interested in what was happening inside his pants. That was never a bad thing. And if he just loosened up and went with it, he had a feeling he could have some fun too, even if he would have preferred to have a wee first.

“Alright,” Troy couldn’t help but smile at that answer. He was dating an evil genius. She hadn’t argued that he couldn’t pee—just that a better opportunity could be expected shortly. If they’d been sitting in a real restaurant right then, even if the evening hadn’t been a pre-ordained scheme to make him wait, he very probably would have gone along with that argument. Sure, no one could really blame him for using the ladies’ room if he really had to. But if it wasn’t urgent then it was a fair point that it would be less awkward just to wait.

“So…,” Lauren tried to smile as she prepared to pivot the subject. To her frustration, her heart started pounding immediately. Just when she’d thought she had her nerves under control. But if it was going to happen, she had to say it. “I actually do have a little game prepared, if you’re up for it...”

“A game?,” Troy raised his eyebrow.

“Yeah, well... like you said…,” Lauren stammered a little, “the men’s room here is out of order.” Her hands shook a little as she pulled a slip of paper from her purse before continuing. “So I thought maybe we might go on a little scavenger hunt for the solution to your predicament – if… if you’re up for it.”

It was an altogether unfamiliar feeling for Lauren, being so flustered by the game. She normally thrived on diverting a gentleman in need away from the toilet. Somehow, though, hearing the words spoken out loud made her uneasy. It was fine to think it, or to sneakily manipulate events to try to make it happen. She could maybe even type it out in a text message if it was just some silly hypothetical. But to actually say it straight to his face that she’d constructed an elaborate game to make him hold it in… She actually might have felt less vulnerable if Troy were the one making her hold it in. Maybe they should have started with that. At least then she wouldn’t be making anyone suffer but herself. But it was too late to rewrite the script now.

Troy accepted the slip and examined it, a folded piece of paper with the number 1 written in the corner to indicate it was the first clue. Wondering just how many more clues might exist between him and relief, he read it quietly: A call-of-nature walk! Find and photograph one of each of the following: a bird, a squirrel, a teeter-totter, a porta-potty.

It was obvious to Troy where Lauren was directing him. There was a walking/biking trail starting in the neighborhood just across the street from Lauren’s building. In one direction, it led toward a park with a lake. He might very well find a squirrel or a bird there, but it had no playground—and its restrooms were of the permanent variety. Lauren was clearly angling to head in the other direction, which held more neighborhoods and a small playground where Troy might just find a teeter totter and a portable toilet system.

“Well...,” he breathed in as he sized up the situation. The dinner, the signs, the clues. He wasn’t sure exactly what he’d expected when he’d agreed to this night, but it certainly hadn’t been for Lauren to put this much work into it. If this was what an opportunity to explore her world looked like, though, then he wanted to take advantage of it. He didn’t have to go very badly, he reasoned. He could hold it for a while longer. “Fancy an evening stroll?,” he asked her, smiling at the sheer ridiculousness of it all.

“That sounds nice,” Lauren agreed, her voice still frustratingly betraying the nervous pounding of her heart. Who would’ve thought she’d be the one struggling with this scenario? But she had a plan, if she could just calm down and follow it. And, conveniently, although it had been intended more to toy with Troy than to give her a breather, that plan did give her a moment at this juncture to collect herself. “Let me just powder my nose before we go,” she blurted the words out in a hurry before slipping quickly around the corner, grateful for the escape from Troy’s scrutiny. Out of sight, she tried to breathe slowly and deliberately.

Troy didn’t think her little excursion to the ladies’ room sounded entirely fair, but Lauren had vanished from sight before he’d even had a chance to think about objecting. And, he reasoned, it was the men’s room that was out of order right now, not the ladies’, so it would have been hard to find grounds to object within the bounds of the night’s premise. Troy busied himself cleaning up the dishes while he waited, trying not to think too much about what Lauren was doing and he couldn’t. He really didn’t have to go that badly, he reminded himself. Just a little tingle between the legs. He’d gotten himself into worse situations than that before without any help from Lauren. And he was only as aware of it as he was this time because it was deliberate, because he already knew this time that he’d be waiting for a while longer when, ordinarily, he’d be telling himself that he’d get to go soon.

When he’d finished cleaning up, though, and Lauren still hadn’t returned, he sat back down. Five minutes later, with his girlfriend still nowhere in sight, he went to investigate. Rounding the corner, he found Lauren standing outside the bathroom door as though waiting for something.

“What’s taking?,” he asked.

“It’s locked,” she gestured toward the door.

Locked was an understatement, Troy quickly realized. It was padlocked from the outside.

“There must be someone in there,” she continued.

Of course there is, Troy thought. He could have pointed out that if someone were inside then they couldn’t have locked it from the outside, but it didn’t much matter. Either way, the ladies’ room was closed. And, either way, she’d just succeeded in stalling him. Leave it to Lauren to find a way to slow him down even more in a game that was already devised to slow him down.

“Maybe we should just go,” he proposed. “We’re losing daylight, and there’s no telling how long this might take.”

“Well, that’s disappointing,” Lauren frowned, still a bit overcome by nerves but managing to play the part she’d prepared. “I haven’t gone since my mid-day pee either.”

“Maybe that’ll be incentive to help me finish the scavenger hunt quickly,” Troy smiled.

“Alright, fair enough,” she agreed, giving her crotch a very brief squeeze as though that could somehow secure it for the long haul. “I’ll hold it in—but if this takes too long you’re going to have to help me find a ladies’ room somewhere.”

“What about a men’s room?,” Troy objected despite knowing full well that keeping him away from one of those was exactly Lauren’s design. He hadn’t expected the night’s game to involve going out in public while he had to piss. But if she was upping the stakes like that, he supposed, then he at least felt a little better with the idea that she had to go too. The more she needed to pee, the surer he could be that they would turn back home before he got into serious trouble. And the idea that she might be allowed to pee out there somewhere he couldn’t made him a little nervous.

For Lauren’s part, though, Troy’s trepidation completely sailed over her head. Her eyes were too busy lighting up at the more obvious implication of his question. “Do you need to go too?,” she asked without entirely thinking about it. Troy probably thought she was feigning naivete to toy with him, but it really was an honest response. It could take a long time to fill up a guy’s bladder sometimes, and—for as much as she wished she could read his thoughts—she really didn’t know how far along he was unless he clued her in. For as much as they’d been circling around the subject, asking what about his bladder had been the closest thing yet to an admission that it was at least starting to fill up.

“Well... yeah…,” Troy looked at her, trying to surmise whether she was being deliberately thick. “You know I didn’t go before I left work,” he replied.

“But you didn’t tell me you needed it,” she emphasized. “Your bladder’s already noticed you skipped your visit to the little boy’s room?”

Already? Troy bristled slightly at the implication that it was early for him to be complaining.

“Well…,” he searched for words. He’d certainly noticed he needed to go. But if this were normal circumstances, whether in her apartment or at the restaurant they were pretending it was, he supposed the truth was that he probably wouldn’t be making a thing out of it. Sure, he would’ve liked to hit the restroom before they left, but he wasn’t in any great distress. If he was being completely honest, he’d played it a little bit safe that day. He had his last pee at the end of his lunch break, exactly as promised, of course.

But that lunch had been accompanied by less fluid than was truthfully his custom. More often than not, he drank a full can of pop with lunch, the caffeine giving him a boost of energy for the afternoon. He’d considered continuing that tradition today before ultimately opting for a smaller quantity of water instead. He could always drink more later, he’d figured, but there wasn’t really going to be an opportunity to backpedal if he overshot. And he remembered something that Lauren had said when they first started drawing up the plans for this crazy night, something about appreciating a gentleman who had drunk just a little bit more than he should have, a gentleman who had a fighting chance of keeping it all in.

So Troy settled on “a little bit” as his answer. He had to pee a little bit. And with any luck they’d be back before he had to pee a lot of bit.

###

Within about fifteen minutes, Lauren and Troy were in an almost totally different world from the hustle and bustle of campus. It wasn’t a true wilderness escape. You probably couldn’t find any land within fifty miles of their urban campus that was a complete escape from civilization. But these trails came close in most of the ways that mattered. Yes, the path was paved for most of its length, and you’d have been hard pressed to find anywhere along that length that there wasn’t at least one or two human-made buildings within sight. But it was the sort of place that, for stretches at least, surrounded a person with more nature than artificiality.

Lauren had chosen the trails to start the scavenger hunt mostly just to get Troy out of the apartment and away from any proper toilets. There had been something kind of sexy about the idea of taking him out amongst trees that she knew he’d like to water if he were allowed to. Somewhere public enough that he couldn’t be cavalier about whipping out his dick if he grew tired of the game – and yet at the same time with low enough traffic that, in a pinch, he could probably get away with it if she stood guard to warn him of anyone approaching. Or vice versa.

After all, she’d just been denied a bio break herself. And it was an enticing idea. Her skirt would mostly save her from completely baring her ass to the world. And making Troy stand guard for her while he had to go himself would have been icing on the cake. Ladies first, right? But if she decided she couldn’t hold it anymore then that would make it too easy for Troy to do the same. And she wasn’t about to end the game so easily. Still, it was a fun thought.

And the fact that she was thinking fun thoughts was perhaps a pleasantly unexpected side effect of their foray into nature. Maybe the fresh air had calmed her nerves. Maybe being out in public made it feel more like an ordinary, impromptu game. Maybe she was just relieved that Troy had demonstrated himself to be such an amazingly good sport by actually joining her on this ridiculous little adventure with a smile on his face. Whatever the cause of her newfound serenity, though, she was really enjoying taking his bladder for a walk. She was excited to see how it would play out, having made a point of her not getting to pee either. Cast it as a challenge and most men will want to prove themselves. Surely Troy would want to show he could hold it longer than a girl?

As for the photography task, they’d encountered a bird before even reaching the trail, pecking at a french fry someone had dropped on the sidewalk near her apartment complex. So that had been one find down before they’d even properly started the hunt. And, sure enough, they crossed paths with not just one squirrel but two before they reached the playground. Troy took pictures of both for good measure, as though Lauren might try to somehow disqualify one of them. She played at being hurt by his distrust. Me, quibble over a technicality while my boyfriend needs to go pee?

When finally they reached the playground, it was vacant, either too late in the evening or too cold a day for anyone to be teeter tottering. Troy snapped a picture of the unused equipment, and then scanned the area. Lauren walked this path more often than he did. He had a vague recollection of seeing a porta-potty somewhere once, but he couldn’t remember where. Was it even this playground? Or was he thinking of a different one?

“Do you know where the porta-potty is?,” Troy asked her, very much aware that she was at least as likely to point him in the wrong direction as the right one.

“Aw, still need to go?,” she asked, as though finding it had been his idea. “Porta potties are so gross, though—maybe we should just wait until our next destination.”

“And where is that?,” Troy asked.

“You’ll get the next clue when you’ve taken the last picture,” she smiled.

Troy, meanwhile, was starting to feel like he would really like to start heading back to the apartment soon. It had been almost eight hours since he’d last peed, and he was starting to regret that beer with dinner. It was thankfully still not what he would call an emergency, but he really was fuller than he cared to be while out in public. And if he could find this fabled porta potty then then he was rather inclined to propose using it. Lauren could accompany him inside if she wanted to watch. He felt like he had enough fluid inside him to put on a pretty respectable show.

It didn’t take Troy long to convince himself, though, that there was no toilet - portable or otherwise - to be found at the playground itself. It was a relatively small place, surrounded by nothing but private residences. He supposed the usual users of the grounds would just pop back home before their bladders reached their limits. Maybe it was even a deliberate move to prevent crowds of visitors from far and wide. He fanned out his search, making a large arc to the edge of the neighborhood, where a busy street bustled with traffic.

It was there that he finally found it. A construction site, not far off from the entrance to the neighborhood. A portable toilet sat just inside a tall fence, locked at the gate to keep the general public from wandering inside. An inaccessible bathroom. And here he’d thought that Lauren was just going to reiterate that porta-potties were gross and they should wait a little longer. He took a picture to complete his assignment.

“Can you believe our luck?,” Lauren pouted. “We finally find a toilet, and we can’t use it.”

“I’m sure you’re very disappointed,” Troy said sardonically.

“Hey, you’re not the only person who only got to pee twice today!,” she shot back, rubbing her lower abdomen gently before pulling out the next clue.

“In the crowd at the ball game, a spectator has the knowledge you seek,” Troy read aloud, confused. He’d have known if there were any games on campus that day. “Where’s the game?,” he asked hesitantly.

“Follow me,” Lauren smiled.

* * *

To Troy’s relief, Lauren led him back to her apartment. It wasn’t quite the kind of relief that he really needed—the bathroom had not magically unlocked itself while they were away. But at least here no one but Lauren – the girl whose idea this whole thing was – would see him making a fool of himself. And for as much as they’d talked about her fervor for a gentleman with a full bladder, he was starting to feel a little ridiculous. He needed to piss. And he was a little unclear as to whether this game was even supposed to be winnable for him. But if it was then he didn’t want to disappoint Lauren on his premiere performance.

They were watching a video recording of one of her old high school softball games, from back before he’d even met her.

“They don’t have a restroom at these games?,” Troy asked her after a few minutes.

“I think there’s one right back there,” Lauren gestured toward the corner behind which lay the bathroom that they both knew full well was still marked out of order.

Troy didn’t bother with the charade of inspecting it. “I think I heard someone say it’s closed.”

“Aw, that sucks,” Lauren played along. “I can’t say I’m entirely surprised, though,” she continued. “I used to play softball here myself, and it was really frustrating. Sometimes the bathrooms were open and sometimes they weren’t. You see that girl, number eleven? I’m pretty sure she’s praying the game doesn’t go into extra innings.”

Troy saw the girl she was referring to, one leg crossed casually in front of the other. It was a little hard to tell from the home video, but he was pretty sure he was looking at Lauren herself. He wondered if she still had the uniform. He’d be curious to see if it still fit.

“But we don’t have to stay for the whole game,” Lauren continued before giving him a chance to comment on her attire, “I know you just wanted to get something from one of the other spectators – as soon as that’s taken care of, we can move on to more pressing matters.”

Troy tried for a time to extract some additional hint out of her as to what he was supposed to be watching for in the video before resigning himself to simply waiting attentively for it to come to him. He still needed to piss, but he was feeling more at ease about it in the privacy of Lauren’s apartment.

“So how long have you been into this kind of thing?,” Troy asked, taking the opportunity to peel back her layers a little further. She’d hung up a damned sign saying he had to hold his pee. If there was ever a time that she couldn’t go getting shy on him, this was it.

“Softball?,” she asked jokingly. “I mostly just participated because my friends were doing it.”

“You know what I mean,” he smiled back.

She did. “As long as I can remember,” she admitted after a pause. “There was this boy I used to hang out with, years ago. One time we’d been drinking pop and playing video games, and he mentioned that he had to pee. I tried to keep him playing the video game for as long as I could. And, when that failed, I remember trying to construct this game where we couldn’t leave the room because the carpet was lava. He didn’t really go for that either, though.”

“I can’t imagine why,” Troy chuckled.

“It’s too bad I didn’t know you back then,” Lauren smiled, running her finger down his chest. “You’re waiting much more patiently than he did.”

“It’s a good thing you dumped that slacker,” Troy joked.

“This other time,” Lauren reflected, taking another swig of beer, “it must have been my first week of college. There was this guy and this girl talking before class. It was, like, five minutes before class started and I heard him ask her if she knew where the men’s room was.”

“And naturally that got your attention,” Troy commented.

“Naturally,” Lauren agreed. “She didn’t know where it was, so he went to look for it,” she continued the story. “He came back a few minutes later, and his lady friend asked him if he’d found it, and he said no. He actually had a grin on his face while he said it. I don’t know if he was embarrassed talking about it or if he just genuinely thought something was funny.”

“What did she say?,” Troy asked.

“She just said ‘aww’. Really sympathetically too, like she wished there was something she could do to help.”

There was a pause in the conversation, giving Lauren a chance to reflect fondly on the memory.

“Maybe he thought it was funny how hard it was to find the men’s room,” Lauren speculated, laughing. “It actually was kind of ridiculous. There was a ladies’ room at one corner, clearly marked. They probably both knew where that one was, but of course he wasn’t allowed to pee in there because he has a dick. The men’s room, though, wasn’t right next to it – you had to go around some classrooms to find it. And the real kicker was that it wasn’t marked – the door was completely plain. The sign must have fallen off at some point.”

“How did you know where it was, then?,” Troy asked.

“I happened to be sitting in the hallway one day before class and I overheard one guy ask another where it was,” Lauren smiled. It wasn’t as interesting a memory, in that that gentleman hadn’t shown any signs of urgency, but the situation had certainly caught her attention. That bathroom had remained unmarked for at least a full semester. She wondered whether that situation would have been allowed to persist for so long if it had been a ladies’ room sign that had gone missing. Not that she was complaining, of course… If she’d been a little bolder, the lack of signage might have been a good excuse for her to “accidentally” wander in there and see what the guys were up to.

“And you didn’t feel obliged to share that information with the guy in your class?,” he asked.

“What was I supposed to do?,” Lauren asked, sounding at least halfway earnest, “Shout across the room to tell him what he should do with his dick?”

Troy had to laugh at that, although it did his bladder no favors.

“He held it through the 90-minute class,” Lauren continued the story. “And, naturally, when the class let out, I happened to be going in the same direction as him and his lady friend.”

“Naturally,” Troy chuckled.

“They went up a level, found yet another ladies’ room directly above the one from earlier. She actually went in there and left him to find the men’s room by himself. It didn’t take him long—the one on that floor had a sign. But, still… She’d acted all sympathetic earlier. You’d think after the poor guy had to wait another hour and a half she’d have at least pretended to be invested in finding him somewhere to go—instead of taunting him by demonstrating how much easier it was to find a girls’ room.”

“And you’d never never use the women’s room while I had to wait?,” Troy looked at her critically. He seemed to recall that happening once or twice in the time he’d known her

“I’ve been well-behaved tonight, haven’t I?,” Lauren pouted. “The ladies’ room wasn’t out of order when we were about to leave for our walk – I skipped it just so I wouldn’t slow you down.” Of course, in reality, Lauren had planned that little stunt exactly for the purpose of slowing Troy down – after teasing him with the idea that she could go and he couldn’t, that is. But it was kind of fun the way it flipped the game around on her, putting Troy in the position of saying this is a waste of time and can’t you just hold it. It was about time someone gave her a taste of her own medicine.

Troy was just about to say something in reply when the television caught his attention.

“Oh, by the way, Jim, I left that thing you wanted in your mailbox,” someone just off camera said to the cameraman.

Troy’s eyes flicked back to the screen, but that seemed to be the end of it. The game was playing as though nothing had happened. “Was that the clue?,” he asked, “in your mailbox?”

Lauren paused the video and shrugged. “Do you want to go find out?”

He did. And, after a minute or two of searching for Lauren’s “misplaced” mailbox key, the two were descending the stairs to the main lobby.

Troy felt vulnerable venturing back into a public space where anything could happen and anyone could see him, and the steps did his bladder no favors. It had been just over nine hours now since he’d last emptied himself. The situation reminded him of something Lauren had said in the car a couple months earlier. She’d gone an entire work day—probably about nine hours too—without peeing. She’d clearly been getting antsy, and it was one of the few times he’d ever known her to admit that she badly needed to go. He was starting to feel rather like Lauren must have felt on that occasion. To someone who really knew him, he was probably walking a little funny. He was getting to the point that he really, really needed to piss.

And it was a little disappointing that Lauren was not yet exhibiting any of the antsiness he’d seen in the car that day. He’d known this night was going to culminate in his bladder getting this full, but he hadn’t expected Lauren to be filling up alongside him. It would have been easier, in a way, if she’d just peed when he couldn’t. With both of them holding, it made him look a little lame if he was having a full blown emergency while she was still fine. He was starting to feel like his performance wasn’t going to be very satisfying.

Lauren, for her part, was really starting to enjoy the show. It had been exciting, of course, sitting on the sofa with Troy, knowing he must have needed to piss. But getting him on his feet and walking around made it so much more salient. You could see it in the little ways he carried himself – a little slower, a little gentler, a little more methodical with each step. Sometimes it was hard to tell if a guy really needed to go. Sometimes Lauren would just have to wait and wonder if her game was working. But this was not one of those times. Troy really needed to go to the little boys’ room. And, even knowing that that was the name of the game, he was trying to downplay it. Boys were so silly sometimes. Maybe if they didn’t try so hard to deny it when they were in a predicament then someone would try to help them out of it.

As Lauren took in the sight, Troy slid the key into the mailbox and opened the little door. Sure enough, there was a package inside labeled number three. It was relatively small as packages went, but distinctly bigger than the smaller envelopes that had contained the clues up to this point. Something was up. Troy tore open and the package and found no note of any kind, just a rolled of fabric. He unrolled it, wondering if it contained the clue. But it was the clue.

Athletic shorts.

* * *

A couple minutes later, Lauren and Troy were back in the apartment and Troy had complied with his new dress code. Athletic shorts. Only athletic shorts.

Lauren had rather enjoyed watching him change – there was no men’s room, after all, in which he could find some privacy. So Lauren had been treated to the sight of her boyfriend completely naked as he stripped off his old clothes. The cold air must not have done him any favors, because he interrupted his fumbling with the shorts to curtsy slightly and wrap a hand tightly around his cock, dangling down from below his swollen abdomen.

It was like the pair of shorts she’d imagined him wearing on his ride home last weekend. Just stretchy enough and just tight enough to show the shape of his package clearly, to show exactly which way his penis lay trapped against his body. It rode up as he slid the shorts on. Lauren imagined him losing control in that position, a jet of piss shooting up from his waistband, barely missing his stomach before raining down to his feet. But Troy quickly adjusted it to the straight down position, curving over the front of his scrotum, before giving himself another squeeze. He didn’t think he’d ever had to piss this badly in his life.

“Don’t worry, it’s a walk in the park from here,” Lauren smiled as she handed him the last clue.

“A frog sits atop that which you seek,” Troy read aloud. That almost sounded too easy. Lauren had a frog figurine sitting next to a potted plant in the kitchen, a trinket from a vacation many years ago. Had the key to the toilet padlock been sitting underneath it the whole time? Troy made haste to find out.

Nearly delirious with the idea of finally being able to piss, he picked up the figurine. Nothing underneath. He flipped it over to inspect the bottom, hoping to find the key taped to the bottom, but again found nothing. Was there another frog somewhere in the apartment? He searched his memory, came up with nothing, and looked quizzically at Lauren.

Lauren just shrugged, although she couldn’t resist a smile as she did so. She'd never seen a guy struggle to wait while so scantily clad before. Men's clothes were always so baggy, with as many pockets as possible. Quite the opposite of most women's clothes, which usually seized every opportunity to show off their bodies, pockets be damned. But a girl could get used to this. Maybe she should pick out his clothes more often.

"I bought those shorts just for you, so I'd appreciate it if you could refrain from doing anything that might ruin them," Lauren teased.

Troy’s head whipped desperately around the room for any sign of another frog. “Babe, I have to piss!,” he exclaimed, his hand now permanently planted in place squeezing his dick, a small wet spot forming in the fabric hugging the tip of his penis. Lauren had won, she could hold it longer than him.

“So do I,” she shot back in her best this-isn’t-my-fault voice. “And if you could find the final item so I can go pee, I’d greatly appreciate it.”

Her bedroom, Troy thought desperately. Maybe there was another frog in her bedroom. He raced there as quickly as he could without pissing himself.

It was no surprise to him that the bedroom had a mural of a forest painted on its wall. He’d seen that many times before. But now there was a sign taped to the wall as well. “Cascade Gardens.”

Most surprising of all, though, was a new tree, of sorts, sitting right in the center of the room—with a cardboard trunk and trimmed newspaper for leaves. And near the base of that tree was a two-liter plastic bottle with a funnel secured to the mouth. A skinny shipping box provided a ledge a few feet above the floor to support the weight of that bottle in the event that it somehow grew heavier. And duct tape secured the whole construction together.

“That’ll do,” Troy started to pull out his eager member as he approached the funnel.

Lauren rushed between him and the tree. “This is a public park – you can’t just pull out your dick here!,” she whisper-shouted. “And I can’t exactly water the tree—what about me?”

Troy hesitated for a moment. This wasn’t the clue he was supposed to find. There was no frog here. But, frog or not, this piss was about to come out one way or another.

“I thought you were going to find us a bathroom where we can both go,” Lauren pouted.

“You could use the tree too,” Troy suggested, his hand alternately squeezing and massaging his penis. He was really starting to reach his limit.

“And let everyone see my butt?,” Lauren countered back.

“It’s a nice butt,” Troy shot back. He supposed he would have been less flip about it if they were really contemplating pissing in public, but he only had so much suspension of disbelief in him. And he had an awful lot of something else in him that wasn’t going to stay put much longer.

“I have to hold it until you find us a real bathroom…,” her voice trailed off. “You really can’t wait?,” she asked.

As if in answer, a spurt shot out of his penis, almost hitting Lauren as it arced through the air.

“Jeez!,” Lauren shouted as she backed away from the splash zone.

His target no longer blocked, Troy lurched again toward Lauren’s tree-funnel creation.

It came out in spurts at first. Some of it bounced out of the funnel.

“Easy!,” she shouted, “You’re making a mess.”

It was like that beach day all over again, maybe even more than that. Once Troy had got going, it seemed like he might never stop. And this time Lauren had an even better view of it than before. His member, normally so proud to be on display for her, looked different than ever before—suddenly small and fragile.

She’d seen guys pee before, of course. But it had always involved undoing a zipper, pulling out just enough of his equipment to fire off a stream, his hands blocking most of the view. And if peeing wasn’t the purpose, if a guy disrobed purely for Lauren’s benefit, then his little friend was usually already standing at attention, eager to get to the front line, as it were. But this little guy wasn't ready for duty. He hardly even seemed built for the same function. He actually looked like something you could pee out of. Soft and flexible, just a simple length of tube attached to the bulging abdomen above it, helpless to even do anything if his bladder decided to release its grip on the fluid.

When he finally finished, Lauren admired the full bottle. “Damn, you really did have to go.”

Troy smiled sheepishly. If he couldn’t outlast her in duration, maybe he could at least score some points for volume.

“You cheated, though,” she continued. “You didn’t find the last item – you took the selfish option where you get to pee and I don’t.”

Troy didn’t know what to say. “I couldn’t wait any longer,” he admitted, “I’ve never had to piss so bad in my life.”

“Where was the last item?,” he asked.

Lauren led him back to the kitchen and to the frog that he’d examined and abandoned as a dead end. She pulled a butter knife from the kitchen drawer, nudged the frog over, and pried it between the floor boards. It came loose with almost no effort. She handed it to him.

Flipping it over, he found it: Taped to the bottom was a key that clearly went to the potty padlock. That just left one last mystery unsolved.

“How the hell are you still okay?”, he asked, “What time did you last pee?”

“About 5:30, I think,” she grinned.

"Are you telling me I had a five-hour head start on holding? What happened to holding it after midday?"

"I don't usually go during the day," Lauren explained sheepishly. "When I get home is when I let out my midday pee," she smiled a sheepish grin. "... And my afternoon pee. At the same time."

Troy looked as though he we're about to accuse her of cheating.

"I meant what I said, though," Lauren interjected quickly. "I'll try my best to wait until you find me a real bathroom..." She crossed her legs with a slight pout. "However long that might take…," she trailed off.

"You know," Troy looked back at her as though the idea of vengeance was growing on him, "I think that out-of-order sign has somehow migrated to the ladies' room."

*008*2022-07-17 14:52

No specific plans at the moment, but I too hope that something (whether in the Lauren series or otherwise) will be forthcoming eventually. Glad people are still enjoying the stories!

