Light Work (Overwatch)

Author: JackFrost16

*000*2020-06-07 16:56

Sombra's bubble gum popped in her face as she sat on a rooftop in the city of Dorado. She was completely relaxed as she watched her target. She had been seated like this for around an hour keeping a close eye on her mark. The hacker's signature purple outfit was invisible to the eye due to her advanced stealth technology. It was late afternoon in the town of Dorado, located in Mexico, and as such it was sweltering.

Because of the oppressive heat Sombra had been consuming a good amount of fluids. Of course, this liquid had to go somewhere and Sombra could feel her bladder filling up. It didn't concern her though as the hacker dropped of the low rooftop. It was showtime.

###

Symmetra wiped her brow, as she felt the sweat gathering on her forehead. Dorado was, per usual, very hot and even Symmetra's breathable blue outfit didn't save her from the heat. The temperature was the least of her concerns though. She was only truly focused on two things. Her mission and her bladder. Symmetra's job was to find and capture the stealthy hacker Sombra. She had been looking for a long time and had seen no sign of the elusive Talon agent.

Another, equally pressing concern was her ever growing need to urinate. Dorado was very empty at this time, and most of the shops were closed, giving Symmetra no easy bathroom. She rested her hand against her lower stomach and grimaced as she felt her bulging bladder. She was going to need relief and soon.

Symmetra was pulled away from her thoughts as she heard what sounded like footsteps. She spun around but didn't see anyone. She heard the footsteps again, and realized that the source of the sound was not one she could see.

It must be Sombra! Who else could be invisible? She thought. An idea formed in her head and Symmetra quickly ran, and pressed her back to the wall of the courtyard they were standing in. This way she couldn't be attacked from behind. regardless of this newfound advantage, Symmetra was worried. She couldn't beat an opponent she couldn't see.

In response to this, Symmetra felt her bladder spasm and a leak shot into her black panties. She winced and crossed her legs. If she was able to beat Sombra quickly she might still be able to find a suitable place to relive herself. Through the haze of her desperation, Symmetra's mind provided a second wonderful idea.

She quickly whipped out her deployable turrets and sent them flying at the walls of the courtyard. These turrets didn't need sight to attack, so when Sombra moved too close they would start to shoot, giving Symmetra a good idea of where she was. Now all that was left was to wait.

###

She didn't have to wait long. After about a minute Sombra decided to make her move. She had seen Symmetra deploy her turrets, and knew just where to stand to avoid their high power light beams. She quickly slid into her desired location and prepared to attack.

Out of the corner of her eye, Symmetra was able to see a flash of purple light as Sombra uncloaked. The sight of the hacker materializing out of thin air caused Symmetra's already tired bladder to lose a little more pee into her underwear. Quickly, the Symmetra dove behind her only form of cover, a decretive fountain in the middle of the square, as Sombra unloaded the clip of her SMG. She just barely was able to make it behind the fountain, but Symmetra knew she didn't have long.

Sombra continued to fire rounds into the fountain, hoping to catch Symmetra through the stone. Fortunately for the architect, the fountain held strong. Sombra tossed the empty clip to the side and ran around the side of the fountain while reloading. As Symmetra got up to move, the hacker ran behind her and pressed the gun barrel into her back.

As Symmetra felt the SMG's barrel press into her skin she let out a whimper. She felt her stomach contract and her bladder let go as she was no longer able to contain her urine. She felt her legs heat up as piss poured out of her body, instantly soaking the thin fabric of her under garments. With nothing left to hold it back, the piss shot down between her thighs, in a stream creating the start of a puddle between her feet. She felt streams of urine run down her bare legs, her dark skin dripping. Lastly, the pee worked its way into her knee high boots. soaking her feet inside.

Sombra snickered as she witnessed the other woman's loss of control. She had always felt great satisfaction when she had caused another person to wet themselves. Sombra took a step back as Symmetra's puddle started to move towards her feet. This proved to be a disastrous mistake however, as Symmetra thinking fast jammed her elbow into the hacker's exposed gut.

Sombra stumbled backwards. This unfortunately placed her right next to one of Symmetra's turrets. Sombra yelled as she was blasted with a beam of hard light, and she fell to the ground. The beam didn't stop however, and Sombra was forced to roll away from the turret. This roll landed her face in the middle of Symmetra's puddle, and even worse in front of Symmetra.

As Sombra was reeling from the pain of the light beam, and the disgust of having been face first in a puddle of piss, Symmetra was able to pull out a weapon of her own. Symmerta stood in front of the weakened hacker and raised her photon projector. She pulled the trigger and a second beam of hard light nailed Sombra in the back. The hacker yelled as she was attacked for the second time.

Due to the pain she felt Sombra immediately lost control of her body. Her hands balled into fists as she started to wet her pants. Urine spilled out of her bladder, instantly creating a dark circle on the front of Sombra's purple leggings. The stain expanded as Sombra continued to pee herself. As she was laying down, the urine spilled outwards in a circle creating a similar puddle to the one she had laughed at moments before. The puddle spread outward creating new stains on Sombra's thighs and knees.

Simultaneously, her ass clenched as a second accident began. The fabric covering Sombra's backside tented outwards as the ever confident hacker lost control fo her bowels. Her mess piled up in her underwear, before expanding across her rear, as the previously confident woman continued to shit herself.

This time it was Symmetra's turn to laugh. She stepped away from the defeated Sombra and prepared to tell her that she was under arrest. Sombra had other plans however as, with a tap of a button, she disappeared. Symmetra scanned the courtyard, but knew it was no use. As she trudged down the streets of Dorado, on her way home Symmetra thought that at least she was cooler now.

*003*2020-06-08 16:59

{{21 hours ago, DsGSilver said:

Great story!

Symmetra is certainly an underappreciated character for these kinds of things.

Happy to see more writers interested in fear accidents. Also happy that there was some messing, but you might wanna make sure you add the messing tag. People are pretty particular about that.

}}

Thanks for the feedback! I forgot to add the messing tag to the story, so I'll try to remember to put that next time. Thanks for the advice!

