Tech Support (Overwatch)

Author: JackFrost16

*000*2020-04-20 12:16

It had been a long mission. Hana Song, or D.va as she was more commonly known, had been looking for ages. The Overwatch strike team consisting of D.va, Mercy, Phara, Zenyata, and Genji, were stationed in Paris.

They had received a tip of potential Talon agents in the area. So they were stuck patrolling the city streets for hours. "D.va! Activity to your right!" That was Phara talking over the comm line. She was hovering in the sky with Mercy and had the best view. "I'm on my way!" was D.va's reply.

____

"I'm on my way!"

"Be careful Hana", said Phara. From her position in the air, she and Mercy could see D.va's mech speeding down one of the streets of Paris.

"I'm worried about her" Mercy remarked.

"I agree" said Phara. "She is too eager to fight".

Phara and Mercy had been hovering in the air for hours and a small ache was developing in Phara's bladder. She had been on many missions and had faced this problem many times before. She would just hold it. She always did.

Unknown to Phara, Mercy was in a similar situation, though her need was much greater. She had needed to use the restroom even before the mission started. It was all she could do at this point not to hold herself and reveal her predicament to Phara. She would just have to hold it.

###

Sombra was camped out in a small, abandoned cafe in downtown Paris. She had been watching the Overwatch agents for a long time now. She was waiting to use her deadly EMP, which would shut down all their weaponry. As she watched D.va's mech speed down the street she knew it was the right time. She uncloked, threw her arms wide and released her EMP. All the lights in the cafe went out. All technology near her had been shut down. Now she just had to find her targets. She loaded up her SMG and disappeared.

###

As D.va was speeding down the street she was also preoccupied by something else. She had to pee. And quite badly for that matter. She was squeezing her legs as tightly as she could to prevent any leakage. As she was contemplating her need she was interrupted by a flash of purple. Suddenly, her mech displayed a flashing message and she was ejected. As Hana landed on her feet she felt a little bit of pee slip out into her panties she quickly grabbed her crotch with one hand.

"Hahaha! Does someone need a bathroom break?"

Hana spun around but couldn't find the source of the laughter. She did recognize the voice though.

Sombra! She thought. I'm in trouble now!

The Talon hacker had a reputation of being ruthless. Worse than that she could turn invisible at will.

This knowledge didn't help D.va's need. Another leak shot into her pants. She looked down and saw a small wet spot on her jumpsuit. She didn't know if she could hold it for much longer.

Out of nowhere a gun barrel was pressed against D.va's head.

"Hello little girl" said Sombra.

The immediate threat of death was too much for Hana. She was terrified!

Her bladder quickly started to relive itself. It started with a small trickle that turned into a full-on torrent of piss. She felt the pee soaking her crotch and running down her legs. Huge stains grew down both thighs as urine dripped onto the ground creating a large puddle.

"Looks like someone had an accident" said Sombra.

Suddenly, Genji appeared in front of them jumping from the roof of a near by building. He threw a volly of shurikens at thr hacker. Sombra panicked and disappeared using her translocater. D va was happy to see a smaller puddle that Sombra had left behind.

"Are you all right?" said Genji.

"Yeah I'm fine" D.va replied. "Lets find the others"

###

Phara's need had gotten worse. She had already leaked twice and wasn't sure if she could hold it for the rest of the mission. Mercy was in a similar situation. She was holding her staff with one hand and her crotch in the other. She was completely desperate and on the verge of an accident.

These thoughts were interruptedblby a buzz and a flash of purple. Immediately, she dropped out of the air going into freefall. Her vallkary suit had stopped working. She could see Phara also plummeting towards the ground. As soon as Mercy started falling her bladder released. Pee started pouring into her red leggings. Due to the fact that she was falling, the piss wasn't confined to its normal patterns. It flew every which way wetting her legs, pelvic area, and ass in equal parts. Mercy landed in a wet heap in one of two twin dumpsters, her fall broken by this weeks trash. Still it hurt like hell. Mercy's moral was not helped by her soaked pants and underwear. This was going to be hard to explain.

Phara was also having difficulties. Her jetpack had stopped working as well, and she had dropped with Mercy. Unlike Mercy, she was used to falling from the sky. Because of this she didn't immediately wet her pants like her companion. Phara landed hard in the dumpster next to Mercy. She felt a sharp pain in her leg and screamed.

"Are you okay?!" yelled Mercy.

"I think my leg is broken", was Phara's response. "How about you?"

"I'm alright, if a bit wet" said Mercy.

Eventually the two women got themselves out of the dumpsters. Phara saw Mercy's very obvious accident but was nice enough not to say anything. The two started walking to find the rest of their team. This was slow going however, as Mercy had to support Phara due to her broken leg. All this time Phara's desperation was building.

"Mercy?" Phara said.

"Yeah?" she replied.

"I have to use the restroom" said Phara.

"Oh! How bad?" Mercy said.

As Phara was about to respond another leak shot out and she crossed her legs.

"Oh" Mercy said. "I guess it's bad. How long can you hold it?"

"Not long" Phara said blushing. "Lets hurry."

Not ten minutes later and the pair had made almost no progress. Suddenly, Phara stopped.

"Mercy. I'm peeing" Phara said.

It was true. Pee had started to leave her bladder and no matter how hard she tried she couldn't stop it. It ran down her legs and around her butt as she bent over. Fortunately her armor contained most of the accident. Although she could still feel everything. A few drops leaked out of the suit and created a small puddle underneath her legs.

Mercy said nothing. She had been in these situations many times before as a combat medic. She knew that nothing she said would help Phara's embarrassment.

The two continued their walk to the ship in silence.

*002*2020-06-01 14:37

{{9 hours ago, DsGSilver said:

No idea how I completely missed this story for so long. Very nice work, and featuring some quality Overwatch girls, too.

}}

Thanks so much for the kind words! I plan to continue making more Overwatch stories in the future, with some different characters. I also love your stories, Overwatch themed or otherwise.

