How I Met Your Mother: Holding Contest

Author: JamesK

*000*2024-03-27 07:17

Spoilers for all of How I Met Your Mother, since this story includes the titular mother. It wouldn’t be How I Met Your Mother without flashbacks, so there will be some bonus wettings with those.

This story wound up taking longer than I hoped, so I will post it in chapters. I already have most of chapter two written and I know what I’ll be writing for chapter three.

Every chapter will have at least one wetting, flashback or otherwise.

Chapter One

*Fall 2015*

Barney and Robin were back in New York for a few weeks, so Ted, Marshall and Barney had decided to enact their traditional viewing of the full Star Wars original trilogy (which they did every three years.) Ted and Tracy agreed that it was very important to introduce their daughter Penny to awesome things like Star Wars and Renaissance fairs as early as possible, so Ted had taken her with him to Lily and Marshall’s apartment. Lily and Marshall’s own kids were being watched by Lily’s dad so that she, Robin, and Tracy could have a relaxing girls night at Ted and Tracy’s house. Tracy was in her early thirties, just over 5’2” with wavy brown hair tumbling down to her shoulders and dark brown eyes. She wore blue jeans with a loose-fitting green and white striped shirt. She was wearing pink socks and no shoes, as there were no plans to leave the house.

Tracy had been the last addition to their little gang, but she got along with all of them very well. She did a quick scan of the living room to make sure everything was clean (no small task with a baby in the house) and prepare some popcorn and drinks. A few minutes later, Tracy heard a car in the driveway. She stood up to see Robin and Lily exiting a town car driven by their favorite driver Ranjit.

“Goodbye!” Tracy heard Ranjit say before driving away. Lily was only slightly taller than Tracy, with red hair halfway to her elbows and green eyes. She was wearing light blue jeans and a denim jacket over a red sleeveless top. Robin was the tallest of them at 5’8”, with dark brown hair and blue eyes. She was wearing grey pants and a paisley shirt, with a white boucle jacket. They both had overnight bags, as there was a chance of flooding according to the weather forecast.

The girls were going to re-watch season four of Game of Thrones to get ready for the season five premiere. They kicked their shoes off and all settled in on the couch. Tracy hit play on Ted’s DVD player to start the show. As it was a rewatch, they continued to catch up over some of the slower scenes.

“- and Barney got us like a two hundred dollar ticket because he pretended to think the speed limit was in miles instead of kilometers!” Robin was saying.

“I can’t believe Barney is still so bad at talking his way out of a ticket. Remember when he got like ten tickets in a row trying to prove that he could get out of them? And he tried to convince us that he seduced a lady cop to get them all cleared?” Lily reminisced.

“Even if he could, it wouldn’t have helped us here. The cop was an older gay dude; he wouldn’t have been attracted to either of us,” Robin said.

“Oh, I’ve gotten out of a ticket from a gay cop before,” Lily said.

“What did you need to do to swing that?” Tracy asked.

“Well…”

*Summer 2008*

Marshall and Lily were driving back from a trip, and got pulled over right before they crossed the New York state line. It was just after Marshall quit Nicholson, Hewitt & West, so they were very short on money. Marshall and Lily looked at each other in a panic.

“What do we do? We cannot afford a ticket right now!” Lily whispered.

Marshall looked in the mirror at the officer and said “I’ll do what I can, but lawyer talk usually just makes cops want to write us a ticket even more. And we were going like 20 over the speed limit.”

The cop walked to Marshall’s window and asked the usual police questions. Lily thought about bursting into tears to try and soften him up; but then she saw he was wearing a pride pin next to a nameplate reading “Ofc. Harris”. She would get no help from simply being a pretty girl. Marshall looked at Lily and they had one of their “telepathic” conversations (which was a way of saying that they know each other so well they could basically communicate with just a look)

Marshall: I am freaking out right now, I have no idea what to say to him.

Lily: I have an idea, but it’s a real Hail Mary.

Marshall: Anything, just get us out of this!

“Officer, we’re sorry we were going so fast but I need to pee really badly,” Lily said in a very fast voice, bouncing her leg and pressing her hand into her lap.

“Oh, you need to pee?” Harris said, looking like he’s heard that line a thousand times.

It wasn’t really a lie. Lily had a notorious habit of interrupting any road trip with countless bathroom stops, Marshall once hyperbolically suggesting once an hour. She usually drank copious amounts of whatever beverage was on hand, be it water, coffee, Tantrum, tea, or anything else. This meant that she did actually have to pee; it just wasn’t urgent yet.

“This should only take a few minutes ma’am, there’s an exit four miles north. Stay in the car.”

The officer walked back to the car, and Lily looked at Marshall.

“Baby, I think there’s only one thing we can do.”

Marshall looked at her and realized what she was about to suggest. He looked down at the car seat and said

“Do it. We can clean the seat easier than we can take a hit to our insurance rate.”

Lily nodded, then closed her eyes. She had never deliberately wet herself before, and it was more difficult than she expected. She was wearing teal panties and grey road trip sweatpants that will show a pee stain quite clearly- if she can produce one.

Lily thought of rushing water, of dripping faucets. She could feel the liquid within her and tried to will it to rush forward, but nothing was working. She pushed, but only a few measly drops came forth.

“I’m trying, but this is harder than I thought. I peed like a little bit, but it’s just in my underwear.” She spread her legs and checked to see if there was a visible stain.

No such luck. Lily pushed again, this time letting out a two second spurt before instinctually clenching again. She looked down to see a pee stain the size of a coaster; not enough to be convincing .

“Come on baby, you can do it,” Marshall encouraged her. He picked up his coffee and said “here, drink this.”

Lily looked at it, and remembered the old urban legend of dipping a sleeping person’s hand in warm water. She unscrewed the lid and dunked her left hand in the coffee with her eyes closed. She let the sensation wash over her, and something about the warmth on her fingertips managed to make it easier to fully relax her bladder. Lily began peeing freely into her panties, feeling the hot liquid pool around her butt. She pressed her legs together to ensure that the stain would cover the front of her thighs, and the pee simultaneously wicked up the back of her sweatpants towards her waistband. Lily sighed as she felt her bladder drain, listening to the hiss of her pee saturating her panties, sweatpants, and car seat. She opened her eyes and looked down at the now impressive stain she had made in her pants, and Marshall said “Great job Lilypad! Now just look upset so it’s not obvious you did it deliberately.”

Lily obliged, putting a tremble in her lips as her pee stream tapered off. She had made a sizable pool in her chair, and the scent of her urine filled the car. She shifted in her seat, feeling the puddle rippling with her movement, and said in a small quivering voice “do we have anything in the back seat? I want to start trying to dry off.”

Marshall turned around to look at his backpack on the seat, which had nothing but bottles of Tantrum in it. “The cop is coming back. Oh! Try rooting around in the backpack yourself! That will show off the pee stain on your ass when he gets to the window.”

“Good thinking,” Lily turned back to reach into Marshall’s bag, subtly positioning her ass toward the driver side window where her wet grey sweatpants would be on full display.

“Alright sir, you are receiving…” Harris started, not looking up from his notebook until he heard a fake sniffle from Lily. He saw the unmistakable pee stain on Lily’s ass and grimaced. He tapped on his notebook and looked sympathetically at Lily (who was still digging in the backpack to avoid meeting the man’s gaze.)

“I apologize ma’am. But this is just the worst stretch of road to be speeding on. There are no street lights, and deer dart out all the time. I’ve seen more than enough people ejected onto the road because they were going ‘just a little bit over the speed limit’.” Lily nodded slightly at Harris’s words and made to sit back down in her seat. As she made contact with the puddle again she winced and lifted her ass back up, a few drops of urine falling back onto the seat with barely audible drips.

“But… your record is otherwise clean, and it’s clear you did have somewhere to be. So you’ll only get an official warning. No fine, no court date, no insurance hike, and no points on your license. It won’t show up at all unless you get pulled over again in the next year,” he told them.

“Thank you officer,” Marshall said. “We’ll be more careful.”

“See that you do. Thank you for your cooperation, and drive safely,” the policeman then went back to his car and drove off.

“I can’t believe we pulled that off,” Lily sighed in relief, sitting back down in her puddle without care. It was rapidly cooling and soaking into the seat.

“I know, right? And it’s totally worth having to clean the seat, because our insurance is high enough as it is,” Marshall said. He started the car back up and drove onward.

They made it back to their apartment with no further problems (Marshall got Ted to meet him in the bar so that he wouldn’t see Lily in her wet pants) and Lily settled in for a long shower.

*Fall 2015*

The girls laughed as Lily concluded her story.

“I can’t believe you deliberately peed your pants just to get out of a ticket,” Tracy said incredulously.

“I can’t believe it worked,” Lily said.

“Honestly, I think it’s more surprising she hasn’t peed herself more often,” Robin teased.

“What’s that supposed to mean?”

“Come on Lily, you always have to pee. I mean, a road trip with you is like a grand tour of every rest stop and gas station between New York and our destination,” Robin said.

Lily insisted “I don’t go that much!”

“We met on a three hour train ride and you spent more time in the bathroom than in your seat,” Tracy argued.

“I was pregnant! I was a kindergarten teacher for years, I can hold my pee when I need to. I just like to go as soon as I feel the need. In fact, I bet I have a bigger bladder than either of you.”

Tracy and Robin snorted at Lily’s claim. They’ve known her for years, there’s no way she could hold her pee longer than them.

“Fine. Snort if you want. There’s no way to prove it anyway,” Lily said.

“Wanna bet?” Tracy asked.

“Huh?” Lily and Robin looked at each other.

“What say we have a little wager? Whoever goes to the bathroom last wins?”

“Wins what?” Lily asked.

“We can think of something. Because there’s no way you can hold your pee longer than us.” Robin said. They didn’t usually do money bets in their group due to how varied their incomes were, and they didn’t do slap bets anymore because Marshall and Barney’s would be impossible to top.

“Oh! I’ve got it!” Tracy said with a mischievous smile.

She walked over to the shelf on the back wall, saying “I may have been talking about you and Barney to Penny’s pediatrician… and he may have recognized you as Robin Sparkles…” Robin’s face fell and Lily’s face lit up at Tracy’s words as they realized that she must have found some previously undiscovered video.

“And he just might have had a VHS tape of the Space Teens pilot episode!” Tracy finished triumphantly, brandishing a tape she had pulled out of the cabinet.

Lily cheered and Robin groaned. “How the hell did you find that!? They didn’t even air it!” Robin demanded.

“We need to watch it right now!” Lily said excitedly.

“No no no,” Tracy put out her arm to stop Lily. “It’s on the table as the bet. If Robin loses, we watch it together. If that’s okay.”

Lily and Tracy looked pleadingly at Robin, who sighed. “Fine. But only if you both bet something of equal value.”

The two ladies thought for a while at those words. Tracy stood up and said “I think I have something similar.”

She ran upstairs and came down with a stack of stapled sheets. They were marked over where Tracy had been making revisions; she found it easier to mark on a physical copy so she can see her progress.

“This is a copy of the rough draft of my children’s book. If I lose, you two can read it before anyone else. I haven’t even showed Ted.”

Robin considered it, then said “I accept the stakes.” She then turned to Lily and said “What about you? Can you top an embarrassing TV pilot and an unpublished manuscript?”

“I can’t top it, but I’ve got an idea that I think is close. I still have my college application essay in storage at home. If I lose, we can read it.”

“How are you supposed to get it back here?” Tracy asked.

“I’ll call Marshall and have him email it to me. We can print it out, too.”

“Ok, we have the stakes,” Robin said. “What should the rules be?”

Tracy said “I’ll lock the bathroom door, and put the key on the table with the rest of the pot. Winner takes it all.”

“Wait… you’re saying only the winner will even be allowed to use the toilet?” Lily asked. “I thought we would just see who can stay out here the longest.”

“If we do that, then it won’t be a real measure of who can hold it the longest. This puts another barrier the way to relief, so that no one chickens out and goes before she really needs to,” Tracy insisted.

“But what about your couch? And the floor? And our clothes?” Lily asked.

“I’ll cover the couch, and the floor is hardwood. Easy to clean. And you two brought overnight bags, didn’t you?”

Robin nodded, and silently hoped that Lily would agree. The night had turned quite unexpectedly into very exciting territory for her. Robin had always had a pee fetish, mostly to do with bathroom control and wetting herself. She had been incredibly turned on by Ted’s assistant withholding the bathroom key during the brief tenure of Mosbius Designs, but other than that she had never naturally stumbled into a situation that checked so many of her boxes. The thought of being denied the bathroom in a social situation, one in which she only had a 1/3 shot of even being allowed to use the toilet before having an accident, was undeniably exciting. Robin only hoped she could keep her cool.

Lily finally nodded in agreement, and the three women shook on it. They hashed out the rest of the details: the girls were all to use the bathroom one more time. After 9:00 PM, they would lock the bathroom door. Only the winner will be allowed into the bathroom; the other two will go in their pants. They had water and Mountain Dew, and would drink at least one bottle of each. Any drink consumed by any participant would be matched in both volume and variety by the other two; so Tracy can drink an extra bottle of Mountain Dew to force Lily and Robin to drink an extra soda as well and vice versa. They placed the bathroom key on the table with the VHS tape, manuscript, and Lily’s freshly printed essay. The winner would take all of them.

*006*2024-03-30 02:02

Chapter Two

Tracy retrieved towels and garbage bags, and made a protective covering for each girl to sit on after wetting. The clock struck 9:00. Robin was the last to use the bathroom, and the girls sat down on the couch. Each one had had one bottle of water and one bottle of Mountain Dew. They picked back up where they were in Game of Thrones, four episodes into season four. The atmosphere was tense as they all focused on the TV, waiting for their bladders to fill. Lily surreptitiously changed her ringtone to be waterfall sound effects.

The focus shifted away from the contest as the ladies relaxed again; they could be forgiven for forgetting it entirely if not for the towels and garbage bags they were preemptively sitting on. As 10:00 rolled around Lily was feeling quite confident. She had developed her teacher bladder over years of work; teaching kindergarten didn’t offer many opportunities for bathroom breaks. She opened a new bottle of Mountain Dew to force Robin and Tracy to do the same.

Tracy grimaced internally as she sipped the fizzy drink. She didn’t want to show it, but she was really starting to feel the effects of the drinks. She was around a 5/10 on the desperation scale, where the pressure was constant but only somewhat uncomfortable.

Robin was at a 4/10. She had plenty experience in holding, but even if it wasn’t turning her on she would try her best. She was very competitive, and quite certain she could at least beat out Lily.

Lily was also at a 4/10, but she was determined to move things along. She had more to prove than Tracy or Robin, and she refused to be shown up after accepting this challenge. She quickly downed the rest of her bottle, prompting Robin and Tracy to do the same. Then, in a fit of daring, she opened another bottle and started chugging it. Tracy and Robin followed suit, neither looking very pleased about it.

“So when was the last time you peed your pants?” Tracy asked Robin.

Robin snorted as she had been in the middle of taking a sip. Truthfully the last time she had wet herself was three days ago as part of some foreplay with Barney, but she still didn’t want to admit that to Lily or Tracy. Out of the whole group, only Ted and Barney knew about her fetish due to Ted’s former romantic relationship and Barney’s current one. Robin wasn’t worried about how they would react to it if they knew, but she still didn’t want to share that particular aspect of herself with Lily or Tracy. She thought about it, and decided to tell a story that was embarrassing enough to not arouse suspicion that she was lying.

*Halloween 2010*

Robin was feeling down about her new cohost, Becky. She had been dating her old cohost, Don, for some time before he had taken the same job offer in Chicago that she rejected to stay with him. So needless to say she was not happy when Becky quickly became more popular with the audience for her perky demeanor. So when Becky got even more publicity by way of a silly commercial, Robin decided to star in an ad of her own. So she sent out a few tapes and got only one callback; a late night shoot for Neat and Discreet Adult Diapers. Robin had tried diapers before, but was not very interested in them. She preferred her wettings to be visible, although she didn’t mind the feeling of a diaper. So Robin decided to shoot this diaper commercial. And on October 31, Robin went to the designated set in a Halloween nurse costume.

The set was sparsely populated, just an old woman sitting in a chair onstage, a balding heavyset man, a woman working on the lights, and a cameraman. The balding man was the director, named Scott. He gave Robin a package and said “Put one of these on. Your dressing room is first door on the left.”

Robin turned over the package, and saw that it was the diapers that they were advertising. “Why do I need to wear them? Isn’t the point that they’re so discreet you can’t tell you’re wearing them?”

“That is the point. And if it came out that we weren’t actually wearing them in the commercial, some jackass is going to sue for false advertising,” Scott said.

Robin considered it for a moment, then agreed. She went to her dressing room, removed her panties (as she was just wearing the Halloween nurse outfit) and pulled the diaper on. She checked herself in the mirror, and saw that it was indeed neat and discreet. Robin hiked up the skirt of her costume to see herself in her diaper and sighed. She hoped none of the group will see this ad.

“Alright, I’m ready to go!” Robin said as she emerged from her dressing room. Scott looked around at her and said “Okay. The script is pretty simple. We already recorded the voiceover, so you just need to help Sue into her chair and say your lines.”

He handed her a script. Robin read through it a few times, then got in position.

The director called action, then played the voiceover. “Bladder trouble; it's embarrassing, it's uncomfortable, and it can affect anyone.”

“I'm going to the bathroom right now,” Robin said, addressing the camera directly.

“Neat and discreet adult diapers: for anyone,” the voiceover continued.

Robin bent down to help Sue into her chair and said “Say... ‘Ahhhh’..." dragging out the “ah”like a relieved sigh to indicate that she was using the diaper.

“CUT!” Scott called.

Robin looked around at him to see him appearing dissatisfied.

“That last line, something about the “ahh” seems… fake,” Scott said.

“Fake.”

“Yeah, like you’re not actually relieved.”

“So what do you want me to do differently?” Robin asked.

“Just look more relieved.”

Robin grumbled under breath, but did the scene again.

“CUT!” Scott yelled again.

“Did I not look relieved enough?” Robin said facetiously.

“Think of it this way: imagine that you actually do suffer from incontinence. So you’ve wet your pants in all kinds of situations” (Robin tried her very best not to smirk at the irony of these words) “and you’ve tried everything. Medication, therapy, other diapers, but nothing has worked for you. And now you’ve finally discovered a solution that is discreet and effective. So try putting that relief into your performance.”

They ran the take again. Scott called cut again. Robin was starting to get annoyed.

“I have an idea,” Scott began. “What if you were to actually use the diaper?”

“Excuse me?” Robin asked.

“I think it’ll really get the best reaction out of you.”

“You want me to pee in this diaper? On camera?” Robin couldn’t believe it. She had of course wet herself many times before, and even once or twice in diapers (before she had decided that they didn’t really do anything for her), but to do it on camera?

“Yes, I think it would really help. Even if we don’t use that take, it’ll give you the right idea.”

Robin heavily considered refusing to film another take, but her pride wouldn’t let her leave after she came this far.

“Fine. I’ll do it. But I don’t need to pee right now, we’ll have to wait.” Robin had last used the bathroom a little over an hour ago, just before she left her apartment. Scott indicated a cooler with some cheap water bottles provided for the crew, and Robin got to work on them. They ran the scene a few more times while waiting for Robin’s bladder to fill, but Scott remained convinced that the only way to get a good take was for Robin to actually wet herself. After nearly an hour of more takes, Robin started to feel ready.

“Okay, I think I can pee this take,” she said as she and Sue took their places.

“Great! Cue the audio!”

“Bladder trouble; it's embarrassing, it's uncomfortable, and it can affect anyone.”

“I'm going to the bathroom right now,” Robin said as she prepared herself to do just that.

“Neat and discreet adult diapers: for anyone,” the voiceover continued.

Robin started to push on her bladder as she spoke. “Say... ‘Ahhhh’..." Her ‘ah’ seemed more pained than relieved as she pushed as hard as she could, but didn’t manage to produce a single drop of pee.

“CUT! What was that, Robin? You said you could do it this time.”

“I know, Scott, I’m trying! But it is really hard to pee on cue!” Robin argued.

“Alright. How about we take a thirty minute break? Keep drinking water, don’t go to the bathroom, and you should have to go badly enough to do this, yeah?” Scott suggested.

“How much time do we have on this shoot?” Robin asked.

Scott checked his watch. “We have the set for another three hours, but we have to start taking it down in two.”

Robin nodded, accepting the thirty minute break. She paced back and forth as the minutes whittled away, occasionally trying to edge herself into leaking in her diaper. She had no leaks, but was around a 6/10 on desperation when they reconvened. It was enough to give her a little pee dance, but not much more. Scott asked how she was doing, and she answered honestly.

“Well, I don’t think there’s any point in trying again until you’re properly full. I want you to be able to pee just by relaxing so we can really get the right reaction,” he reasoned.

Robin simply opened another bottle in response. After another twenty minutes, the water she had drank was really starting to catch up with her, and she was between a 7/10 and an 8/10.

“Alright, I’m ready,” she said.

“You sure? We’ll only get one shot of this,” Scott warned.

“I’m ready, let’s go,” Robin insisted.

“Okay then… ACTION!”

“Bladder trouble; it's embarrassing, it's uncomfortable, and it can affect anyone.”

“I'm going to the bathroom right now,” Robin told the camera, now having to struggle a bit to keep from fidgeting.

“Neat and discreet adult diapers: for anyone,” the voiceover said once again.

“Say…” Robin helped Sue into her chair once again and finally managed to push through her mental barrier. “Ahhh.” This time, it was a real sigh of relief. Robin was peeing- she was really peeing, full force, in a diaper. In a room full of total strangers, who were all privy to exactly what was happening under her skirt. Robin managed to power through the pee, and gave the camera a knowing wink as directed.

“And CUT!” Scott called. Even as the scene ended, Robin was still peeing in her diaper, feeling in get warm and swollen with urine as it poured out of her. “Well done Robin! Well done! I could really see the relief on your face that time!”

“Well, it’s certainly an odd feeling,” Robin said, smoothing her skirt out like she was trying to make sure nothing beneath it was visible. She finally tapered off, and found to her surprise that the diaper had actually held up to the deluge she had subjected it to. Now the absorbent padding had completely contained the hot liquid between her legs and suffered zero leaks. Robin touched the diaper under her skirt and felt the warmth, but no trace of wetness on the outside.

“I’ll be submitting that take to the company tonight, but I think we should film a few more to be safe,” Scott told the crew.

“A few more?” Robin asked. “Without changing?”

“The diaper is designed to hold up to a few wettings, we should be fine for another few takes.”

“Really? A few more?”

“Think of it this way- you can really get to know the product, you know? Wouldn’t it feel better to know that the product you’re advertising really works? From personal experience?” Scott said.

“Fine, as long as we can get it done,” Robin sighed resignedly.

“Great. We might even get it on the air.”

Robin was drinking from a new water bottle as Scott said this, and she stopped short. “What? They might not even air this?”

“Yeah. We’re just one of many agencies submitting potential advertisements. The company will just have to pick one,” Scott explained.

“Will I get paid even if they don’t air it?” Robin asked.

“You’ll get more if they choose it, but you’ll be paid for your time regardless,” he assured her.

“Okay then. Let’s film these last few takes,” Robin said with some fake enthusiasm. Her diaper was rapidly cooling, and she felt it squishing between her legs every time she took a step. She checked the hem of her skirt again to see if the diaper had swollen enough to show below it, but she was still fine. The rest of the shoot went by without incident. Scott thanked Robin for her time, and she quickly walked toward her dressing room, her gait slightly awkward from the wet bulge between her legs. She changed out of her wet diaper, cleaned herself up, and put her panties back on. She checked the time and saw that it was pretty late, so she asked Scott if she could sleep in her dressing room.

“Next production will be here in an hour, but I could see if they’ll let you do that. Go ahead and get some sleep, I’ll wake you up if they need that room,”

“I really appreciate it Scott,” Robin said gratefully. She then went to sleep till morning in that dressing room, and took the long train home… only to discover Marshall, Ted and Barney watching the other Halloween “walk of shamers” on their way home.

*2015 again*

“You’re actually peeing in the take they used for that commercial?” Tracy asked in shock.

“I gotta check this out!” Lily said, searching for the commercial on YouTube to watch it.

Tracy looked over Lily’s shoulder to watch the video as well while Robin considered whether it had been a mistake to tell that story. Embarrassment notwithstanding, all the talk of pee from the story was fast tracking her desperation, and she was now at a 6/10. She glanced at Tracy and Lily and saw that Tracy also looked significantly worse off than she had before Robin’s story. Tracy was no longer capable of sitting still, and was bouncing slightly as she stood behind Lily to watch the commercial.

Tracy was indeed regretting asking Robin to tell her story. Her legs were tightly crossed and she was bouncing on her heels. She was now at a 7/10, and listening to Robin’s “ahhh” on was like a punch to her bladder. Tracy audibly groaned and bit her lip. “Oh it was a mistake to watch that commercial,” she said.

“You feeling ok Tracy?” Lily teased. She was only at a 5/10, and she was taking great joy in messing with the other two as they grew more desperate.

Tracy glowered at Lily and said “Let’s just watch the damn show.” She sat down and rightly crossed her legs.

Lily smirked and pretended to put her phone away. She actually dropped in beneath the couch cushions. They fell quiet again as they watched the TV. Lily’s bladder continued to fill, and after half an hour she decided to play the card she prepared earlier.

“Have you two seen my phone? I don’t know where it is.”

Tracy and Robin stood up and looked around themselves, then shook their heads.

“Well can you call it? I need to have it in case my dad has any questions about the kids.”

“Sure thing,” Robin said as she dialed Lily’s number. The sound of rushing water emanated from Lily’s phone as her waterfall ringtone played. Tracy groaned and held herself even tighter as Robin gave Lily a look that screamed ‘really? You’re doing this.’

“How do you like my new ringtone?” Lily asked Tracy innocently. In response, Tracy plunged her hand into the couch (the other still firmly buried in her crotch) and withdrew Lily’s phone.

“Are you happy now?” Tracy asked, her desperation now reaching an 8/10.

“Yep,” Lily responded unabashedly, tapping the button to silence her ringtone. But the sound of rushing water didn’t stop.

Robin looked outside and said “I guess the forecasted rain wasn’t exaggerated.”

It was now pouring rain, giving the three desperate women no reprieve for their rapidly filling bladders.

*009*2024-04-08 05:59

As the rain poured, the ladies called the men back at Lily and Marshall’s apartment.

“Hey sweetie, is it raining in Manhattan?” Lily listened to Marshall talk for a moment.

“Okay then. We have overnight bags, we’ll be fine at the house and you can all stay at the apartment. I’ll see you in the morning.”

Lily hung up the phone and said “The guys are staying in the city tonight, so we’re free to take as much time as we need.”

“Good. Cause hold it all night,” Robin said with false bravado. She was now at a 7/10, and was starting to get frustrated at how calm Lily still seemed to be.

“If we’re going to be here all night, I guess we’ll need more caffeine,” Lily suggested, opening yet another bottle of Mountain Dew. She had now reached a 6-7/10, starting to really feel the effects of all the drinks she had consumed. Her left leg was tapping rapidly on the floor, but quietly enough that neither Tracy nor Robin noticed.

Robin and Tracy both followed suit by opening a soda bottle each and taking a swig. Tracy said “Seriously Lily, are you cheating? We’ve had like a gallon each and you’re barely reacting!”

“How could I be cheating? I’ve had the same amount to drink as both of you and we haven’t left each other’s sight.”

“Maybe you’re wearing a diaper?” Robin suggested.

“Why would I be wearing a diaper? We didn’t even make the bet until we got here, and it came up from a story you told about getting a ticket in Germany!” Lily insisted.

“You could have just been prepared for it.”

“Just because your husband makes plans for bets years in advance doesn’t mean anyone else does, Robin,” Lily countered.

“Prove it,” Tracy said, mostly to distract herself from her bladder.

“Fine! I will.” With that Lily stood up and unbuckled her belt. Tracy and Robin watched as Lily dropped her jeans to her knees, revealing still pristine light green panties.

“Your turn,” she said, pointing at Robin’s pants.

“What?”

“I took off my pants, you take off yours. What if you were projecting, and you’re the one wearing a diaper?”

“Turnabout is fair play,” Tracy said, looking at Robin as well.

“You too. Both of you, pants down, now,” Lily said forcefully as she redressed.

Robin obliged wordlessly, her competitive nature compelling her to prove herself. She lowered her own grey pants, showing off purple panties with white leg bands bands and waistband to the group.

Robin and Lily looked expectantly at Tracy, who was more hesitant. She was feeling quite desperate by now, and was worried that dropping her pants would trigger a latchkey effect and cause her to lose control.

“If we did it, you have to too,” Robin said, pulling her pants back up as she spoke.

“Come on Tracy, we’ve all seen each other with less clothes than this,” Lily added.

“It’s not that, I just think it’s a dangerous proposition to try and take my pants down right now. Like when you get home and you need to pee, and pretty much the second you put your key in the lock your desperation multiplies?”

Lily and Robin both nodded in understanding, then Robin suddenly shouted “DO IT!”

Tracy almost leaked in surprise, jumping back in her seat at Robin’s intensity. Realizing that they were not going to drop the issue, Tracy decided to get it over quickly and just hope for the best. She jumped off the couch and dropped her pants in a fluid motion, revealing white panties with a floral pattern on them. The motion was indeed taxing on Tracy’s aching bladder, but she suffered no leaks. She gestured downward, framing her panties with her hands as if to say “good enough?”

Robin and Lily nodded their approval, and Tracy pulled her pants back up. She felt she was in trouble, and that there was no way she could win without a game changer. Tracy once again turned her full attention to the screen, as they were now on episode eight of season four. This did her no favors however, as Game of Thrones did not shy away from showing urination on screen. One of the main characters was being held prisoner, and speaking with a friend. As the conversation wore on, the prisoner took some time to relieve himself in a bucket in the cell. And that was the last straw for Tracy’s poor bladder.

She felt a spurt of pee escape her, and she quickly checked the outside of her jeans to see if they showed any wetness. Her foot was bouncing rapidly, and she was losing focus on everything except the fullness of her bladder.

“What was that Tracy? Hanging in there?” Robin asked teasingly.

“I’m just fine,” Tracy lied, standing up and beginning to pace to try and keep some semblance of control.

Robin and Lily simply looked at her with raised eyebrows.

“Hypothetically, what exactly is the threshold for peeing your pants? Do you have to fully empty your bladder, or does a leak count?” Tracy asked in a thoroughly unconvincing casual voice.

“Hypothetically, if we were to check your panties right now would there be a pee stain?” Lily asked.

“I want to say no,” Tracy said.

“Would that be a lie?” Robin asked.

“…yes,” Tracy admitted.

“Okay, well in the interest of fairness, I would say the threshold for peeing your pants is that you would have to change your pants-“

As Lily was talking, Tracy quietly began leaking a steady stream of pee into her panties. She crossed her legs tightly, jamming her hands into her lap and doubling over at the waist. But nothing was working.

“Everyone has had some sneeze leaks before, laugh leaks, things of that nature. So if it’s not visible on your pants, you haven’t lost yet,” Lily continued on, looking at Robin as she outlined the rules to see if she was in agreement.

Even if she had been looking at Tracy, she would not have seen much in the way of a pee stain. Tracy was standing with her ass facing away from the other girls, as she felt hot pee saturating the back of her panties and wicking itself halfway up her rear. It was also streaming down the back of her legs, rapidly gaining speed as Tracy gave in and peed freely. Her stream poured out of the legs of her jeans, pattering on the floor and making a loud noise that finally clued Lily and Robin in on what was now happening.

“Are you-“ Robin began to ask, while Lily simultaneously shouted “yes!” And made a victorious fist pump as the first contestant was eliminated from their game.

All hope of subtlety gone, Tracy slumped her shoulders and sighed in ecstatic relief as she continued to drain her bladder into her utterly soaked panties, peeing heavy streams down her legs that expanded her already impressive puddle on the floor. Her stain had still not spread much on the front of her jeans, but her ass and the back of her legs were drenched and glistening with the pee that was still flowing out of her. Tracy finally tapered off and stood dripping in the middle of the living room, having just pissed her pants in front of two of her best friends.

“You know what? It was worth it. I really could not have held that any longer,” Tracy said, her cheeks turning red regardless. Robin and Lily had both already told stories in which they had peed themselves (and at least one of them would soon be joining her in the wet pants department) but she still couldn’t help the moderate shame that thirty years of social training in not wetting one’s pants had instilled.

As Tracy stood in her cooling wet jeans, she looked at her friends to see who would speak first. Lily’s expression was one of victory, nothing more than excitement at having beaten one of her friends in this impromptu game they were playing. Robin’s was a little harder to place, and Tracy really couldn’t figure it out.

Robin was looking at the puddle Tracy had just left on the floor, and was struggling to find a neutral expression. She was straight, she always had been. But she had to admit that the sight of one of her best friends (who was very attractive) utterly losing bladder control and peeing all over the floor was undeniably turning her on. Especially the thought she herself could potentially be joining Tracy in exhibiting wet pants in the near future.

“One down, one to go!” Lily said, looking at Robin. This brought Robin back to earth, and she had enough wherewithal to shoot back “And you think you’re going to win? My bladder is iron!”

Tracy turned away from the others to retrieve the towels she had prepared, displaying for the first time the huge pee stain that had spread across her ass.

“Oh my god!” Lily laughed as she put a hand over mouth. “Tracy, that’s so much pee!”

“Really? How bad is it?” Tracy obviously couldn’t get a good view of the back of her jeans, but tried to turn her head as far back as she could to try and see it.

“If anyone saw you walking around like that, there would be no doubt in their mind that you peed yourself,” Robin said.

Tracy was feeling better about losing if Robin and Lily were so impressed by the size of her pee stain.

“Here, look!” Lily snapped a picture of Tracy’s ass and showed it to her. Tracy looked at it and burst into laughter; it was a massive wet patch that nearly reached the tops of her back pockets, and left almost no dry fabric anywhere else on her pants. She smiled, and then busied herself soaking up the puddle on the floor.

“Why are you bothering? Lily’s going to pee herself any minute now, you should just clean it up after you’ve both lost,” Robin said.

“Yeah, just get it all cleaned after Robin loses,” Lily countered.

“I don’t want it to dry up on the floor. I’ll wipe my puddle up now, and after one of you loses you’ll wipe up your puddle. I’ll mop it with cleaner after the contest is over,” Tracy stated. She soaked up the puddle, then placed the towels she used in one of the plastic bags. After she had finished, she sat back down on the towels she had placed on the couch at the beginning of the contest, and contented herself to watch Game of Thrones in her wet, now cold jeans. One down, one to go.

