My First Story Attempt - To be continued - Page 2

Author: JMatthews1995

*026*2018-09-30 08:18

They had finished their first glass of wine when the waitress arrived to take the orders. Jess wanted to stay here for a while as she wanted Soph's bladder full again! They ordered starters and a main and 2 more glasses of wine. The huge lemonade they had both drank in the cinema was working its way through to their bladders fast. Jess was loving it! She again looked lovingly at Soph. There was her gorgeous girlfriend sat in a restaurant, looking sophisticated as ever but with a pissy pair of panties on! How naughty was that!

The starters arrived and they both started eating. Jess was aware of her bladder again at this point and she knew that Soph would be feeling the same. It felt strange just chatting like normal and enjoying a meal knowing both of them were sat with damp panties clinging to their pussies. Jess was a horny mess and Soph could see it in her eyes.

"What are your plans with me when we get back?" Soph asked softly.

Jess didn't know. She hadn't thought that far ahead and now she was there was 100 things she wanted to do with Soph. She was worried that something as simple as seeing Jess's wet naked pussy would make her orgasm instantly. She dismissed the silly thought.

"I think when we get back, I should indulge your naughty fetish Soph. You have been so so good to me today I want to repay the favor"

Soph blushed. She knew what that meant! She was getting her sexy feet worshiped! Her excitement rose. She remembered her damp pissy toes from when she had pressed them into Jess's pussy earlier.

"My tootsies are pissy from when I touched your pussy earlier" Soph said

Jess blushed as well at the thought of this. She was going to be worshiping pissy tootsies and she was even more turned on now! Both girls had really started to enjoy each others strange kinks and mixing them together was getting Jess damp thinking about it!

The girls ordered yet another glass of wine. Soph knew Jess was doing it because she wanted them to both need to pee again so she went along with it and during their main finished off her own 3rd glass. By the end of the meal both girls were well aware of their bladder bulges. Jess paid the bill and they began their walk home. It was cold outside and Jess with just her panties and leather skirt on was feeling the cool air up her skirt. Her damp panties cooled down quickly and it started to make her feel rather chilly. The cold wasn't good for her rather full bladder!

They got back home after a 15 minute walk. They headed straight to the bedroom and both of them hopped onto the bed. Soph couldn't resist getting Jess's converse off for very long. She pulled them off and began pampering Jess's delicate feet. Gently kissing her soft sexy soles all over and nibbling her cute little toes! She glanced up Jess's skirt and saw her clingy damp panties. She now finally knew why Jess enjoyed this fetish so much, her own damp panties between her legs were making her rather tingly! Was Soph actually enjoying having pissy panties on? She never thought she would get to this point!

She played with Jess's soft little feet for about 20 minutes. Then Jess offered to return the favor. She unzipped Soph's little ankle boots and pulled them off.

"Which one did you put up my skirt earlier Soph" Jess questioned. Soph explained that it was her right foot.

Jess started kissing it and nibbling Soph's delicate toes. Soph was getting really rather damp down below. She was absolutely loving this!!

After she had finished worshiping each of Sophie's feet, Jess suggested getting changed. Soph agreed. She definitely wanted to be in her comfies now. They both went over to the wardrobe. Jess grabbed two pairs of comfy joggers. Soph went to grab panties.

"Noo! No panties Soph! You already have comfy panties on! They should be dry enough by now now to get anything wet when we sit down"

Soph put the panties back in the draw and pulled her leggings and leather skirt off. Jess couldn't help but stare! Her beautiful girlfriend stood near enough naked in front of her except for a pee damp pair of panties! She noticed Soph's tummy was bulging out. She knew she had to pee rather badly but Soph was playing it down like she didn't.

They both changed into their Joggers. Soph grabbed 2 pairs of soft fluffy socks. She gave one pair to Jess and put the other pair on her dainty feet. There was nothing she hated more than having cold toes.

The two girls snuggled up next to each other on the leather sofa and put the tv on. Jess left the room and came back with a two big glasses of Gin and Tonic. It was mostly tonic as she didn't want to get too drunk. She just wanted an excuse to drink even more. Over the next 30 minutes Jess watched as Soph became more and more squirmy. She knew her bladder was struggling so she offered to help her hold. Soph agreed. Jess slid her hand down the front of Soph's joggers and gripped her girlfriends damp pussy. Soph wriggled a bit and then pressed Jess's hand even harder into her pussy.

"You'll have to hold tight Jess. I am absolutely bursting."

Jess wanted to let go and just start tickling soph so she peed but she resisted. She would rather this moment last as long as possible and if that meant squeezing her girlfriends pee hole tight shut then so be it!

TBC

*027*2018-09-30 13:19

15 minutes passed and Soph was totally bursting. She moved Jess's hand away from down her joggers and grabbed her self tight. She preferred to be under her own control. Jess instantly grabbed her self with her now free hand and was holding her drink in her other. Both girls were totally bursting and Jess was determined to not be the first to give in.

Suddenly Soph panicked.

"JESS!! I'm peeing!!" She blurted out.

Jess's eye lit up. She looked at Soph and could see the panic setting in. She shouted at Soph to get up and she did. Jess watched in amazement as her beautiful princess just totally peed her self right in front of her. Soph was so focused on the relief she payed no attention to trying to minimize the soaking. She just stood with her warm pee flooding down her joggers and soaking her fluffy socks, creating a huge puddle on the laminate flooring.

The moment she released her hand from her pussy Jess knew she had finished. Soph dried her hand on a dry patch on her joggers and just stood there wondering what to do next. She couldn't walk to the bathroom as it would soak all the floor! Jess offered to go and grab a towel, a fresh pair of socks and the washing basket.

As she stood up her own desperation became extremely obvious. She grabbed her pussy tight to give it a re-assuring squeeze and shuffled out of the living room into the utility room. She grabbed some fresh socks and threw them in the washing basket. She pulled a towel from the airing cupboard and then shuffled her way back to the living room. The whole walk she was nursing a quivering little pussy determined not to totally soak her self.

Jess put the towel on the floor and Soph sat on it. She started pulling her socks off which revealed her beautiful pee soaked little feet. She looked at Jess and asked if she could have them kissed! Jess knelt down on the floor next to Soph. One hand was pressed tight into her pussy, the other hand she lifted Soph's cute wet feet up and began kissing them and gently sucking her pee soaked little toes! She couldn't wait to get Soph's joggers down and eat her soaking little pussy!

Suddenly Jess was overcome with a huge spasm. Her pussy was giving up it's hold and her bladder was spasming like crazy forcing the pee out from between her legs! There was nothing she could do. She re-gripped her self, tried to cross her legs. Nothing could close her little pee hole this time. 50 seconds later Jess was sat in a huge puddle with soaked socks and joggers on. Soph giggled and asked if she could take Jess's wet socks off. Jess let her and then watched as Soph kissed her wet feet! Since when did she enjoy having her feet worshipped?!

The clean up was the least fun part. Jess used the towel to mop up as much pee as she could and Soph scurried off into the other room to get the mop. She had already taken her wet joggers off now and she was just padding around the house wearing just her stinky pee soaked panties. Jess was craving the chance to just yank them down and lick her clean!

*029*2018-09-30 14:13

{{Just now, Melificentfan said:

Damn that was wonderful

}}

Thanks I really enjoy writing them!

*031*2018-09-30 15:14

{{10 minutes ago, AliasnameTO said:

I was into this story at first, as the concept of two girls discovering each other's kinks (both of which I really like) and messing with them is exciting and full of potential. But sorry to say, I didn't make it to the end. Your writing style is kind of exhausting. Aside from some minor grammatical issues, have you heard the advice, "show, don't tell?" The only part I saw where your showing was strong was the peeing and foreplay scenes in the third and fourth parts. <<For that reason it's pretty obvious that's what you really wanted to write. The rest of the story was basically "She did this... she felt this... then this happened..." it was like factual documentation of what was happening instead of an engaging piece of fiction.

I don't mean to discourage you. Writing well is hard as hell. Right there in the title it says "first story attempt" and let me tell you, the first thing I ever wrote on my own was much worse than this. But with any luck this will help you. I appreciate in-depth reviews on my stories so I try to do the same for others when I can.

}}

Thanks for the feedback! I will have a go at changing things up a bit in the next part. I have never been the creative type so this is totally different for me

*032*2018-09-30 15:39

Once the clean up was complete the two girls dried them selves off with a fresh towel and then settled back into the bed together. Neither of them had removed their pissy panties. There was a slight aroma in the air and it was causing Jess to get extremely turned on. All her mind was thinking about was how dirty her princess had been for her today and it was driving her wild!

Soph cuddled up to Jess.

"Can we shower together sweety?" She whispered. The look in her eyes hinted that this wouldn't be a normal shower by any stretch of the imagination. She wanted fun!

"I have something to ask you Soph. It's going to sound weird but it would make my day if you said yes"

"Go on?" Soph's voice was a little shaky. What was Jess going to ask she wondered?!

"Can I.... Can.. Can I pull your panties down, and.. and lick you clean?"

"Oh god is that all you wanted to ask?! You had me worried then! Of course you can!"

Jess had never moved so fast. The covers flew off from over Soph and Jess was perched between her legs in seconds! The scent of Soph's panties was driving her mad and she just had to feel those delicate pee wet lips against hers right now.

She whipped Soph's panties down to expose her. There was a slightly darker patch on the bed under her bum. Jess was in heaven! She had gone down on Jess loads of times before but this time it was special! Soph's lips were glistening in the light, clearly still properly wet from the last pee! Jess gently placed a finger on each lip and spread them open slightly. Soph was watching intently. She saw Jess's eyes light up in excitement.

"Go gently sweetie" Soph said. She had one hand on her exposed perky breast gently tickling her erect nipple.

The scent filled the air around Jess. She had only ever imagined how hot it would be to get to lick a pussy that had been in pissy, fragrant panties for so long, And here was her chance! Except this one had been soaked twice! In one day! In the same panties!!

She felt her own clit throbbing in her pissy panties. She felt like she was going to explode into orgasm the second her tongue touched Soph. Luckily she didn't.

Jess began licking. Every stroke felt like heaven! Softly, gently, passionately she licked Soph clean. Every last tiny fold, every tiny delicate area she massaged with her tongue. Then a sudden surprise. Soph had un-clenched her bladder muscles. A short hot spurt escaped into Jess's open mouth. Jess's face was one of surprise, she looked up. Soph blushed and pushed Jess's head back into her pussy, she closed her legs together trapping Jess down there.

Her voice was strong "Make me cum Jess!" She demanded. "I've done everything you have wanted today"

Jess was only too happy to oblige.

*034*2018-09-30 19:50

Soph was writhing with pleasure. Jess was finding areas of pleasure she had never experience before and she was seriously close to the heavenly release of orgasm. Jess knew Soph was a squirter it wouldn't be long until she was getting a soaking!

Every muscle in Soph's body was twitching, her vision started to blur and she was overwhelmed with pleasure. She felt her pussy throb as she squirted uncontrollably all over Jess who had totally ignored the flood and kept lapping like a kitten at her girlfriends soaking wet pussy. Soph could feel her legs turning to jelly she was a soaking wet mess and she was absolutely loving it!

Eventually the pleasure died down and a Jess crawled up the bed. Soph saw her lips glistening she wanted to bite them and kiss them! Jess knelt on top of Soph, her own wet panties now pressed against Soph's wet mons pubis. She gently rocked her hips backwards and forwards rubbing her throbbing pee soaked clit against Soph. She leaned in towards Soph and had her wet lips kissed by her.

Jess wasn't going to push her luck and expect Soph to lick her pee soaked pussy. That would be asking too much! What she did want though was an orgasm of her own! She rolled over off Soph and grabbed Soph's hand. She placed it on her panties and Soph didn't resist at all. She gently started playing with her, softly rubbing her pissy panties around on her pulsating clit. Jess felt dizzy with excitement. Soph was gonna make her cum in her pissy panties!

She felt sophs soft toes and soles sliding over her own dainty feet.

"Once you have finished making me cum Soph, I will worship your sexy little feet again!"

This was all the incentive Soph needed. She slipped her hands down into Jess's wet panties. She was seriously wet and warm. Her fingers slid around easily and every time she slid them over Jess's throbbing clit she saw Jess's back arch. It definitely wasn't going to take much to make Jess moan with pleasure tonight, that was clear!

*037*2018-10-01 17:59

Short one today as it was basically the end of that last section anyway...

Jess's back was arching. Her muscles spasming all over as Soph continued to tease her delicate wet pussy. She had never experienced a build up so incredible! Her clit was throbbing like mad, the wet stain grew beneath her glistening bum cheeks. Then it hit her! The huge wave of intense pleasure suddenly shooting through her. She tensed up and dug her nails into the bed sheets gripping on for dear life as the orgasm pulsated through her.

Soph felt her hand instantly warm, the gush of liquid from Jess sprayed through her lacy panties, spattering the bed between her legs! Soph slid her hand out from between Jess's legs and licked her fingers. The taste was incredible!

Soph pulled Jess over onto her and began passionately kissing her, biting her lips, and squeezing her soaking wet butt. She felt the warm wetness of Jess's pussy pressed against her thigh. She was turned on like crazy again!

Soph gently reminded Jess that she still owed her a foot worship. Jess slid down Soph's legs to the end of the bed. As she passed her feet, Soph lifted one up and made sure she stroked Jess's wet pussy with the top of her toes and feet. Jess giggled and grabbed that foot first so she could taste her own wetness of Soph's little toes!

Soph was starting to feel cocky knowing full well she could pretty much demand a foot worship whenever she wanted!

The girls cleaned up, showered together and snuggled up in bed for a good nights sleep. Who knew what the Sunday would bring?!

*039*2018-10-01 18:37

The next day the girls decided to have a bath together. They had woken up in naughty moods and what better way of enjoying it than being naked in a bath together!

Jess ran the water in the bath. She got it lovely and warm ready for Soph and lit a load of candles around the room. Soph loved it romantic and it always put her in a cute mood. The bath they had was really rather large, it was designed for 2 people and they had often used it together in the past.

Jess settled in at one end then shouted Soph in when she was in. Soph came in with just a towel wrapped round her. She opened up the front to reveal her beautiful body. Jess just stared.. She was dating an angel!

Soph loved to lie at the other end of the bath with her legs intertwined with Jess's. That way she could wash and scrub Jess's delicate feet and Jess could do the same for her. She gently stepped in her feet tingling with the warmth of the water. She slid her self down and placed her legs down either side of Jess. Jess's feet were very close to Sophs puffy little pussy! And that's just how she liked it.

They spent a few minutes just chatting and staring into each others eyes. Neither girl could believe just how naughty they had been together the previous night. They gently bathed them selves and Jess started to massage and bath Soph's soft feet. Every now and then she would throw in a quick gently kiss and watch Soph's reaction. Then she had a seriously naughty idea!

Jess tilted one of her ankles back lifting her toes up and then gently placed her soft foot onto Soph's pussy. Instantly soph jerked back. Jess looked embarrassed..

"Sorry. Sorry! I.. I just thought I would see how you would respond!"

Soph wasn't creeped out at all. She had no idea why she had jerked back. I suppose any girl would if something touched their cute pussies without them being warned. She put her hand around Jess's delicate foot and placed it back between her legs. She felt so naughty! Jess's gorgeous foot! Tickling her down below!! Who'd have thought she would even get this chance!

Soph massaged and played with Jess's other beautiful foot. Nibbling and kissing her toes. At the same time Jess was pampering Soph's in the same way. This was her way of re-paying Soph for the naughty pleasures of the last few nights! Jess continued to gently massage soft between her legs using her soft toes. She knew full well that her toes were probably wet with more than just water.

It was nearing the end of their bath together. Soph had a sudden naughty, dirty idea! She placed Jess's foot back between her legs. The water suddenly felt very hot around her toes and soles! Soph had peed on her foot under the water! Jess pressed her other foot down in between Sophs legs and enjoyed every second of Soph's release! What a dirty girl!!! Who pees in a bath?! Jess had turned her little angle in a kinky queen! And she loved it!

*041*2018-10-02 18:26

The two girls had a busy Sunday planned. The weather was really nice and they were spending the day shopping around and relaxing around the local city, they had decided that if the weather held out nice they would have a BBQ when they returned home. Jess knew the day would involve a lot of drinking. She was excited at the thought.

Once again the both decided to dress each other. This time however they were dressing each other in what they thought would be the best for each other to enjoy their own fetish in.

Jess dressed Soph in a loose t-shirt, a pair of pink panties, a lovely crinkly dress and a high top converse. She knew Soph would love having hot little toes all day! She didn't mind if she would have to pamper a pair of sweaty soft feet later if it meant seeing Soph in her naughty fun mood

Soph chose her clothes for Jess carefully. She wanted something that Jess could be naughty in but that would dry very quickly and also no show any wetness. She was going to encourage her girlfriend to indulge in her pee fetish as much as she could today. In the end she decided on a loose fitting t-shirt, a pair of bikini bottoms instead of panties, a pair of fishnet tights, a knee length leather dress and a pair of little black ballet flats.

They headed off round the shopping center. Of course Soph decided their first stop was going to be Costa. She made sure Jess ordered a nice large drink. She wanted to see her girlfriend being naughty again and she would do anything she could to encourage her. She had started to enjoy seeing Jess being dirty! She also knew that the hornier she got Jess the more her sexy feet would get played with and the more she would get eaten out! It was a win win situation.

They finished up their drinks and headed around a few clothes shops. Jess found a pair of super comfy looking trainers. She teased Soph about how comfy they would be and how sexy she would look sliding them off her delicate little size 4 bare feet. Soph agreed that she should buy them and couldn't get the image out of her head of Jess dangling them off her soft feet, her smooth soles just on show.

Soph found pair of very thin lacy panties. Her justification for buying them was that if Jess wanted her to have more naughty pee fun she would have to get her another pair of quick drying panties. These, she said, would be perfect!

The next stop was somewhere to buy lunch. Again this came with the added bonus of both of them getting a lovely big lemonade. Jess decided she was following it up with a big glass of wine. She wanted to hurry her bladder up. She was already getting a little full and wanted to be desperate before they left for their walk in the park.

It wasn't far to the park. They settled on a nice park bench. Instantly Jess decided she was going to be naughty. She slipped her foot out of her ballet flats and started sliding her soft toes up and down Soph's sexy legs. Soph giggled.

"You peed you're self yet?" She said jokingly.

"Not yet cutie pie, I'm getting really rather full though!" Jess replied. She slid her foot further up Soph's legs up in between her thighs. Soph tingled and closed her legs around Jess's soft foot.

"Careful Jess you don't want to get your toes wet do you?"

Jess's eyes lit up. Soph instantly knew why

"It's not pee Jess! I'm definitely bursting to pee but I haven't peed my panties!"

Luckily no one was around near by. If they were they would be rather puzzled by what the two girls were talking about!

Jess asked soph to look under the bench and between her legs. She was sat with her legs spread. Soph saw Jess's beautiful feet in her ballet flats, her sexy fishnets wrapped around her gorgeous legs and then, she saw Jess's little pink bikini covered pussy hidden up between her legs under her leather skirt.

"Can I pee Soph? Pleeeeeeassse?" Jess teased.

"Definitely!" Soph replied in excitement.

She looked back under the table. Jess had hiked her skirt out from under her bum and suddenly a dark patch appeared on her bikini bottoms. Her release was instant and powerful. Soph's eyes were fixated on the torrent flowing out through the fabric. She hadn't even noticed that Jess had tucked her gorgeous feet back under herself slightly and was totally soaking them, and filling her ballet flats with the warm fluid!

She suddenly noticed.

"Jess! You're feet! They are getting soaked!"

Jess giggled and said they were cold and needed warming up.

"You're so dirty you are! You know that!"

Jess took this as a compliment. Of course she was a dirty girl. She got off on peeing her self!

After seeing Jess get pure relief, Soph was suddenly more aware of her own desperation. She hadn't predicted this at all. Jess asked what she was going to do about it.

"Are you going to pee in your panties Soph?"

Soph said she would as long as Jess promised she wouldn't make her sit anywhere for long enough for her panties to dry. Jess agreed and said that they would go for a nice long walk after.

"Soph pulled her skirt out from under her bum just as Jess had done. She made sure to spread her legs open wide so not to get her sexy converse wet! She didn't want to ruin them. She began to empty her bladder into her little pink panties. The fabric instantly started clinging to her pussy. Jess was watching with pure excitement. She then decided to be mega naughty! She slid her legs forward under the bench. Her beautiful feet slid directly under the waterfall of pee coming from between Soph's gorgeous legs.

Soph noticed this and instantly tried to stop her flow. She slammed her legs together

"Jess?! What are you doing?!" She shouted.

Her pee hole spasmed and ached with the pain of cutting off her flow half way. It would be seconds before it gave in again and she would resume peeing. Jess lifted her foot up and placed it between Soph's legs. She felt Soph's hot wet panties warming her soft toes. Soph was biting her lip hard now. Jess massaged her pussy gently and suddenly the flow continued. Soph's dainty little pee hole had given up entirely and she was spraying pee through her panties again. Jess made sure both of her feet and shoes got totally soaked by Soph's gorgeous warm pee.

"I can't believe you did that" Soph exclaimed as the extremely relieving flow subsided. "You're feet are soaked!! With my pee!!"

Jess giggled. "Well they were already soaked with mine! Why is yours any different?" Jess was loving being this dirty.

"I can't believe you!" Soph said with a smile appearing on her face. "Come on, I need to dry my panties. And you need to dry your soaked little feet"

They both stood up and began walking down the gravel path. Soph could hear Jess's feet splashing in her pee filled ballet flats.

"You are so dirty you are, you know that?!" Soph exclaimed. Jess just winked at Soph and reminded her that she had just peed her self as well. Soph didn't have any come back for that, after all she was walking along with hot sweaty little feet of her own and a pair of pissy panties gently clinging to her wet pussy lips. How had she become this naughty?!

TBC

*043*2018-10-02 18:53

{{Just now, Melificentfan said:

Hot damn this story is so hot

}}

Thanks. I'll try and do the next section in an hour or so.

*045*2018-10-02 19:21

Jess realised that her feet would take ages to dry if she did nothing but walk. She stopped for a second and leaned against a wall. Soph watched a she lifted on foot up at a time, slipped her cute ballet flats off and tipped the warm pee out of them. She then slid her fishnet covered wet feet back into them and continued her walk.

"How's your pussy Soph?" Giggled Jess

"Probably drier than your pissy little feet" Soph replied "How am I supposed to worship your feet later now they are all pee soaked?!"

"Just do it anyway? It's only pee! I licked your stinky pussy yesterday and that was soaked with pee" Jess replied.

Soph didn't know what to say back. She was wondering what pee tasted like. She had hardly tasted it before. Only once very slightly when licking her wet fingers after teasing Jess.

The girls were being very brave about where they were walking. Jess's fishnets and ballet flats were glistening and yet she hadn't got a care in the world as she walked through the crowds to find a pub they could get a drink from. They found a quaint pub that was surprisingly quiet. It had a nice little sitting area out the front in the sun. They both bought a big bottle of cider each. Jess got through it in about 20 minutes and bought another one. Soph was too aware of her pissy pussy to want to drink too much. She was wondering if Jess was going to pee her self again. And if she was, was she expecting her to do it again too?!

Jess arrived back at the table with her second cider. "How's your hot little feet Soph" she whispered. "Am I going to have to lick your sweaty little soles when we get home"

Soph blushed instantly. She definitely had hot sexy little feet and fantasizing about Jess worshiping them got her instantly turned on.

After two big bottles of cider Jess was feeling naughty again. She grabbed Sophs hand and pulled her away from the seating area and started walking down towards the park benches again.

"My pussy is getting all cold and dry, I wanna soak it again!"

She sat on a different bench. Checked no one was watching and for a second time began flooding her bikini bottoms. Again she tucked her legs under and soaked her beautiful feet.

"OMG JESS!! HOW AM I SUPPOSED TO WORSHIP YOUR FEET IF THEY ARE SOAKED WITH PEE"

"Sorry Soph it feels too nice soaking them." She said as the last drips of pee dropped off her pissy bikini bottoms.

Jess looked around. There was no one about She slid one of her wet feet out of her ballet flats and slid it up between Sophs legs. Soph felt Jess's wet toes press against her own cold pissy panties. She didn't even resist. She just sat with Jess slowly massaging her pissy pussy with her glistening wet toes!

Jess heard someone talking in the distance. She quickly pulled her foot out from between Soph's legs and slipped it back into her pee filled ballet flats! It felt amazing submerging her beautiful toes into the little pee filled shoes!

*047*2018-10-03 19:20

It had been 6 hours since they had both left home. Jess had already soaked her panties and shoes twice! Soph's bladder was begging for relief. She didn't want to make her pussy smell really bad so she was determined not to wet as much as Jess. This was proving hard considering how much she had drank! Her cold wet panties tickling her pussy really weren't helping her hold!

They left the park bench. Jess decided they were going to a lovely beer garden she knew. It wasn't the busiest place in the world and Jess knew she would easily get away with yet another wetting! They hurried there and Jess was sure to check her shoes were dry enough before they got to a too busy area. She didn't want anyone noticing she had soaking wet feet!

The girls grabbed a large bottle of cider each and began drinking. Soph's bladder was pulsating. She could feel her pussy really begging for relief. but she didn't want to wet again just yet. She didn't want her panties to get too stinky! Jess didn't care how pissy her's were!

"Jess, I'm just going to pop to the toilet. I need to pee really bad"

"You serious? I thought you were going to pee your panties if you needed to go?!" Jess whispered.

"Jess I have only ever peed my panties once before. Re-wetting just feels... Kinda dirty.. surely you know what I mean?"

"Oh come on Soph... Pleeeeese! Just for me! I have peed mine twice already and they don't smell! I'm gonna pee them again in a minute. Go on Jess just for me" She begged.

Soph sat puzzled. She had to make a decision quick otherwise her bladder would make it for her!

"I'll do you a deal Jess" Soph said with a naughty smile. "I'll pee my self again and make my pussy all pissy and dirty for you. If you promise to worship my feet on demand whenever I want all week"

Jess looked at her and said "Whenever you demand?"

"Yup! I might go all saturday with bare feet in my converse, all day in boots at work with hot bare feet, I might even go to the gym in my trainers without socks, and you'd have to lick and kiss them clean!" The look on her face was serious. This girl was mad about her sexy feet and Jess would pay dearly for making her pee her panties again!

"Fine!" Jess said in a stroppy sounding mood.

Soph pulled her skirt out from under her cute butt. Jess instantly leaned over and looked under the table. She saw Soph's damp panties clinging to her pussy. Then suddenly a wet glistening appear on the fabric. Soph peed for what felt like forever! She must have been soooo sooo desperate! Jess was tingling between her legs. She wanted to rip those panties off and lick Soph's pissy little pussy clean right now! Her freshly peed panties instantly clinged back to her wet pussy lips. She felt so dirty! She had peed her self! TWICE! How had she ended up being this naughty?!

Jess begged to be allowed to pee her panties for a 3rd time! Soph allowed her. She may as well, after all, her pussy would already be all pissy and dirty. Why not let her enjoy her self again? she thought.

Jess's facial expression instantly acknowledged the fact she was peeing again.

"I never ever imagined you were this dirty Jess" Soph exclaimed.

"Say little miss sweaty feet!" Jess teased

"I'll have you know I pamper my feet like crazy! How else do you think I stop them from stinking even when I don't war socks" soph replied.

"I bet they stink today!"

"Nope! They never do. How about this! If they don't stink when we get home. You have to sleep in your dirty pissy panties! If they do stink. I'll pull your panties down and lick you clean. How does that sound?"

Jess saw this as a dirty dirty win win situation. Falling asleep in damp pissy panties wasn't exactly seen as a punishment by her!

*049*2018-10-04 17:09

It had been 9 hours since the girls had left the house. Soph had peed her panties twice, Jess had 3 times. They were both feeling seriously dirty, Jess was feeling seriously naughty!

"I think we should head home Jess, It's getting a bit cold and my panties are all cold and getting a bit itchy"

"Yeah I think you're right sweetie. I'm worn out now!"

They headed back home. Jess's ballet flats were basically totally dry now. Soph's panties were almost there as well. Jess's were almost dry as far as pee was concerned but she was still proceeding to dampen them in a different way.

They arrived home. Jess opened the door and they both headed in. She kicked her pissy ballet flats off to reveal her two gorgeous little feet. Soph would have loved to totally worship them if it wasn't for the fact Jess had peed all over them 3 times!

The fact that they were in an enclosed area really highlighted the dirt scent coming from both of their pairs of panties. Soph slinked off into the bathroom and pulled hers down. She bent over and sniffed them. She was shocked at just how stinky they were now and she was feeling even more dirty knowing her gorgeous little pussy smelled the same!

She kicked her panties off and headed back into the living room. Jess was sat on a towel on the laminate living room flood. She was sat with her legs together out in front of her. Her pissy little feet and soles on display.

"Come on then Soph. Get those sexy little feet out. I hope your ready to eat my stinky little pussy" She spread her legs and showed Soph her damp panties. Soph could smell the pissy aroma in the air. It was clear it wasn't just Jess's pissy pussy she could smell. It was definitely hers as well!

Soph slowly undid her converse laces. She knew full well her feet were really hot and sweaty and she was very much hoping that they didn't stink. She didn't think she could brave eating Jess' stinky fanny!

"Hurry up! My pussy is cold. It needs licking clean Soph!" Jess demanded.

"Alright, alright!" Soph quickly pulled off one of her converse. She lifted her foot to her face. Instantly she giggled! "Yes!!! In your face Jess!! They don't stink!"

Soph shoved her sweaty gorgeous foot in front of Jess' face. The look on Jess' face was that of pure disappointment.#

"How the hell do you do that?!" she asked in a shocked voice.

"Lots and lots of pampering, the right foot lotion and plenty of natural foot powder, Seriously Jess I can't remember the last time I had stinky feet"

"Bloody hell! Do I really have to sleep in these stinky panties?!"

"Yeah that was the deal"

"Soph are you sure you want to sleep next to me with these pissy panties on?" Jess was trying to get out of her dirty deal now. She was sure she would have won the prize of soph licking her clean. Now the truth had dawned she was very nervous of sleeping in pissy panties. Her pussy already stinking and getting rather itchy by this point.

Soph pondered for a second. Then made her choice.

"Okay Jess. You can forfeit. But it won't be an easy one!"

"What are the terms?" Jess replied

"You worship both of my sexy sweaty feet now, you stay in those stinky panties for another hour minimum, you lick my pissy little pussy clean now for me, and tomorrow you wear these to work!"

Soph pulled a pair of gorgeous lacy panties out of one of her shopping bags! Jess' eyes lit up with excitement. She knew she would look absolutely amazing in those panties! Why was that part of the deal? She thought to her self. How come Soph wanted her to wear a pair of lacy panties to work?

"Is that all?" Jess said

"Yup. Do you accept?" Soph replied

"Deal!"

Jess began to worship Soph's hot little feet. She had gotten used it now and was enjoying looking up Soph's gorgeous legs at her sexy little pussy that was glistening between her legs. She was re-imagining watching Sophs panties glisten with pee under the table earlier in the day and she was looking forward to licking her stinky pussy clean for her.

After she had worshiped both of Soph's dainty feet she began kissing her way up her legs. Soph moved onto the towel Jess had grabbed and then lay back. The aroma of Soph's pussy was drawing Jess closer and closer. She was cm away from it when Soph slid her hand over it.

"What are you doing?!!" Demanded Jess

"Just messing with you! I wanted to see how angry you would be about not getting to lick my pussy clean!" Laughed Soph

Jess gently slapped Soph's pussy and then lifted Soph's skirt over her head. Soph felt Jess's tongue slide between her pussy flaps and she was instantly in heaven!

As Jess licked, she was wondering just why Soph had specified what pair of panties she was going to wear tomorrow. She continued to lick Soph's pissy pussy until she came. Soph lost what bladder control she still had and sprayed Jess with orgasm and pee at the same time. Jess nearly came in her own pissy panties as she licked her messy girlfriend clean!

TBC

