Three Couples in Europe

Author: Jimmy Olsen

*000*2021-02-20 09:13

Picture a festival in an old European city. The downtown is bustling with excitement. There are open air urinals to help deal with the byproducts of a good time. Various tourists have differing reactions to these conveniences.

Couple 1 was a young pair who loved to party. She was really into the local scene; enjoying the local entertainment, food, and (especially) drinks, while dressed in the traditional local garb. Her happiness was dampened somewhat by the scarcity of local restrooms. She had just completed her survey of ladies' room lines, and decided none was worth her time, when she regrouped with her boyfriend. He was dressed as casually as always, but was having just as good a time as her. She was ready to call it a day, but he wasn't ready to stop having fun. They bickered lightly for a few moments while her bestockinged legs crossed and uncrossed and her hands nervously played with the hem of her dress. He agreed to leave soon, but wanted to take a moment to appreciate his fun-loving girl on this fun day. He'd always wanted to see a woman in a dirndl downing Märzen like in the movies. She would've felt bad saying "no."

So he poured her two frothing mugs and she chugged from her right hand, and then her left, trying all the while to avoid spilling anything down below. He grinned stupidly as he took the stimulating spectacle into his eyeballs and smartphone. She had already felt like there were a hundred fishhooks inserted under her skin where her bladder should be, and now she knew it was going to get a whole lot worse before she made it to a restroom, but at least her boyfriend was raving about her hotness. Her glow of love and pride turned to disgust and rage as he casually broke away from her and she heard a zipper unzip. If he hadn't been facing the urinal he would've see his Bavarian babe cross her shapely legs and jam her dress into her crotch as she closed her eyes in pain and opened her lovely lips wide in a silent scream.

Couple 2 was a little more mature and a lot more affluent. They'd wandered into a festival scene on a whim, wanting to sample some local color in between a museum visit and an opera date. They were both dressed in black and white; him in a tuxedo and her in a black dress with some conspicuous jewelry. They were able to loosen up enough to enjoy some delicious low-brow foods, drinks, and entertainment. Their bladders grew tight. She knew how to suppress her need without leaving any clue for the outside world. He was already feeling a little nervous and out of his element, and also mildly intoxicated, and so was in no position to hide his bodily discomfort. The uncomfortable fullness of his bladder could be guessed by mere bystanders and was disgustingly obvious to his lady friend.

"You're in luck," she quietly told him as she subtly gestured to a nicely-sheltered pissoir. "I couldn't," he said with a wince. "There's no need to be bashful. We all have our needs." He looked very uneasy at the prospect, but she flashed him a dominant glance that ended any argument. He entered the nearest booth as soon as it was free, undid his pants, and waited. He tried forcing it, then relaxing, then forcing it again. Five minutes went by. A stream unexpectedly started, but stopped before he could capitalize on the development. Ten minutes went by. He had no choice but to put away his manhood and accept that his bladder was too shy to perform outdoors. "Is there something wrong with you?" his lover spat in his ear after he whispered that he'd failed to relieve himself.

Couple 3 looked mismatched. The young man was wearing a sweater vest and khakis while the young woman wore torn jeans and a psychedelic mess of colors on her shirt and in her hair. He looked calm and bored while she bubbled with enthusiasm. He was perusing art prints and hand-crafted figurines and chatting with old people about local history, while she was skipping around and sampling anything she could socially acceptably put in her mouth. Every so often she'd run back to him with some fruit, candy, or beverage he just had to try.

"You'll never guess what they have here!" she said for the umpteenth time. This time it was open air urinals. "You can just whip it out in this country," she remarked before being overcome with giggles. He laughed nervously and asked if it was okay with her if he used one. "Do you think I'm your mom?" she replied. A little while later the boy was availing himself of the outdoor facilities when a frantically waving hand entered his vision. It belonged to his sweetheart, who was standing at the opposite urinal. "Fun, isn't it?" she squealed. "Are you...?"

"Yep!"

"How?"

"Something I learned at camp."

*001*2021-02-20 09:45

Oops! This was supposed to go in Fiction and Fanfiction.

After I wrote that I noticed it is in Fiction and Fanfiction. I think I need to go to bed.

