Bladder Burster

Author: JasyPJatere

*000*2025-04-12 02:25

“This is Hannah. She’s 23 years old and majors in biology. Although she’s in a wheelchair, she has excellent control over almost every part of her body, especially her bladder. This makes her a fitting subject for our experiment.”

From the table in front of them, the scientist picked up a bottle filled with a bubbly, opaque yellow liquid. They exclaimed to the audience: “Here we have THE beverage of all beverages, the Bladder BursterTM! Even the strongest sphincters will give way to this concoction!”

They popped the cap off the bottle and poured its contents into 2 aluminum cups: one for Hannah, and the other one for themselves.

“Here’s to mile-long bathroom queues. Cheers!” said the scientist, clinking their metal chalice with hers before they both downed the juice in a single swig. “What a joke!” thought Hannah, “A cup of orange juice is supposed to make me pee myself? I’d like to see that happen.”

So it happened. Only 4 minutes after its consumption, the drink was working its wonder: first, a slight shiver crawled up from the lower abdomen. Then, pressure on the sphincter increased exponentially. Hannah’s smug expression disappeared; her smile shrunk and her eyes grew. Her whole body was trembling, desperately trying to keep her most embarrassing moment from happening in front of so many people. But the scientist did NOT cooperate.

To everyone’s astonishment, the mad genius leaned back on the table, almost sitting on it, and dropped their head low but with a smirk on their face. The very next second, a dark spot appeared on their faded light blue skinny jeans; and it grew from an inch in diameter to an abstract shape that spanned the entire width of the front of their pants in just a few seconds. From there it cascaded quickly down the length of both legs, accompanied by the sound of piss trickling onto the wooden floorboards of the stage, forming a lake worthy of the golden falls flowing from the scientist’s crotch.

As Hannah watched, her brain must’ve taken it as a signal to dismiss her sphincter’s efforts to keep her bladder shut, because the first thing she noticed was a hissing noise coming from the seat of her own wheelchair. Then came the feeling of wet warmth between her crotch and thighs and lastly she witnessed the puddle growing in her lap. She was shocked at first, but ultimately felt only relief. “They didn’t lie, this juice kicks ass!” thought Hannah, feeling her pee coming out of her like a fire hydrant for as long as it took her bladder to fill up from that beverage.

