The Chronicles of Glecoya

Author: JackFrost16

*000*2021-01-20 15:55

Hello all! This is a new series that I am starting. It's going to be a collection of short stories that are all set in the same fictional world of Glecoya. I will (hopefully) continue to post new stories and update pretty regularly. Most, if not all, of the stories will be female based. I am open to feedback as well as any suggestions. Thanks very much, and enjoy reading!

###

A Knight in The Jungle

Eylsica dashed throughout the forest, hacking at the dense undergrowth with her sword. Her quarry was just visible through the trees up ahead. As a Knight of Protection, a member of one of the four human knight organizations that inhabited Glecoya, t was her duty to defend the Human territories from any who might cause harm. That was what she was doing now. Her target, a tall man dressed in black robes, was pulling away in front of her. Although his dark cloak were an asset when the assassin was in a gloomy city it was less helpful out in the wilderness, as it revealed to Eylsica his exact location. Still, he was pulling away.

Assassins were meant for speed and stealth after all, and the man's lithe build put Eylsica at a heavy disadvantage when running through the heavy vegetation. Eylsica was unwilling to give up just yet. Gritting her teeth, she pushed on. After a few more minutes of heavy running, she realized it was hopeless and started to slow down. At least she had chased him out of the Human lands, they had crossed the border into Fey territory a while back. Eylsica pulled to a stop, breathing deeply. She had been tracking the assassin for over a week, all for him to just get away. Her superiors were not going to be happy.

Eylsica looked around, scanning her surroundings. She consulted briefly with her map, before turning around ready to head back to Venport, the city where her Order of Knights was located. She stopped however when something caught her eye. Was that a house? This portion of jungle to the Southeast of the Human territory was mostly uninhabited. Sure you got a few hermits, but never in a home this nice. It had two stories for God's sake! Eylsica had also heard stories of witches and mages inhabiting the jungle. She narrowed her eyes. I should probably check this out, she thought. To make sure it's safe. Plus she was so thirsty. Her waterskin had run dry hours ago. She would need to find a stream soon to refill it. Or she could get a drink from whoever was inside. She walked toward the house and knocked, keeping her hand on the hilt of her sword just in case.

The door was pulled open to reveal a squat woman in brown clothing with a black cloak over top. Behind the woman Eylsica could see a shelf covered in bottles of varying shapes and sizes. Definitely a witch. Eylsica immediately grew cautious. Witches could be very dangerous. But she just so thirsty! And water from some random stream would taste so much worse than whatever this woman could offer.

"Come in dear!" the witch said in a high airy voice. "You look parched! Let me get you something to drink". She walked through the house and turned into a room where Eylsica couldn't see her. Now Eylsica was even more cautious. But she really needed to drink something. Fortunately, she was a knight who was trained for difficult situations. When the witch arrived with her beverage, Eylsica discreetly slipped a vial from her traveling pouch. It was filled with a clear, watery liquid. The vial contained puresap, a mix of various antidotes mixed with the sap of the redthorne tree.

When combined, the substances mixed to create a liquid that could mostly negate the effects of magic substances. She poured the vial into her beverage when the witch wasn't looking, then downed the whole thing. Eylsica sighed. The beverage tasted pretty good and quenched her thirst well. After thanking the woman, who she payed for the drink, Eylsica left the cabin. When she looked back the witch had an odd, disappointed look on her face.

A few hours later found Eylsica hiking through the muggy jungle. She was only a day or two away from the nearest village, but over a week from Venport. She was accustom to camping in the woods when she couldn't find a town or village with an open bed. That didn't mean she wanted to sleep in the wilderness, but it wouldn't be the worst thing. As she trudged through the dense jungle, Eylsica felt an odd tingling sensation in her toes. The sensation gradually moved up her legs, reaching her calves, thighs, and hips.

There it stoped. Puzzled, Eylsica stopped and examined her legs. They looked normal. She was dressed in her Knights of Protection uniform, a blue coat over a chainmail chestplate. She had taken off the armor covering her legs to help with the heat, leaving the wool leggings underneath. The tingling continued. This is weird Eylsica thought. Maybe I'm just tired. Frowning she made to continue her hike. But as soon as Eylsica tried to take a step, she collapsed. Groaning, Eylsica attempted to stand. She couldn't. She tried to stand once more before realizing the problem. She couldn't feel her legs.

The tingle was gone, replaced by an empty void. As she looked, she could still move her legs and feet, but she couldn't feel it. In fact, if Eylsica moved her legs while glancing in the other direction there was no way to know she was moving. How had this happened? The witch's potion! The puresap must not have been enough to completely negate the potion's effects. It had only weakened them, confining the feeling to her lower body. Eylsica suspected that if the potion hadn't been weakened, she would be the witch's prisoner at the moment. Now she just had to figure out what her next step would be.

After a few minutes, and several falls, Eylsica was able to stand without the support of a near by tree. Next, she had to figure out if she could walk. She tried to take a few steps, but found it challenging. After a few more attempts, however, she realized that if she just watched her legs constantly, she was able to keep some semblance of hand eye coordination, enough to walk with. Still, the going was slow. At this rate it would take Eylsica months to reach Venport. What can I do? the knight thought. I just have to keep walking.

So she did. After about an hour Eylsica took a break from her snail's pace to rest. She leaned against a tree and closed her eyes. Not a moment later, Eylsica was startled out of her relaxation. She had heard a sound. In the uninhabited jungles, there was no telling how many dangerous creatures were on the prowl. She drew her sword and stood waiting, listening intently. She heard the sound again. It was a quiet hissssssss. It could be a snake-like creature. The sound grew louder. Eylsica braced herself, eyes darting around in an attempt to locate the sounds origin. She soon found it. The sound was coming from her. Eylsica's eyes widened in shock as she looked at her legs. A dark stain was rapidly spreading across her wool leggings.

The hissss was the sound of Eylsica peeing herself. She looked on, powerless to top the stream, as the stain on her clothing grew larger. A puddle began to form on the ground below her. Rivers of urine poured down her legs. The fabric around her thighs was almost black due to the saturation. And of course, Eylsica couldn't feel any of it. It was a truly strange sensation. She could see the piss running down her legs, but was unable to feel her bladder emptying, or the liquid staining her cloths. After about a minute, her stream died down. She was still confused about the sensation of not feeling her accident. Still, her curiosity didn't take away from the embarrassment of wetting her pants like a child. After some struggle, Eylsica was able to change her clothes, thankful for the spare uniform she kept in her bag. She continued her slow walk to the nearest town.

A few days later, Eylsica stumbled into the village of Cestin. She was exhausted. Feeling had just began to return to her legs. That felt great, but didn't make the last mile any easier. She had wet herself multiple times since the first incident. It was hard for her to know when she needed to stop to relive herself when she couldn't feel how full her bladder was. There were a few times when she hadn't even realized she was peeing her pants until it was too late. To make matters worse, she only had one spare uniform. This meant that she was forced to wear her soiled leggings while walking. She was glad that she couldn't feel the wet fabric rubbing against her legs. She didn't miss the looks that her obviously soiled garments drew form the townspeople, though they were polite enough not to say anything.

After an embarrassing conversation with the innkeeper, Eylsica was able to secure a room for the night. She collapsed down on to the bed, immediately pulling off her wet leggings, and donning the nightgown the inn provided. She hopped into the wash basin and emerged twenty minuted later feeling much better. She stubbed her toe on the bed as she entered the main room and cursed. Then she started to smile. She now had full feeling in her legs, toes, feet, and thankfully bladder. Eylsica laid down on the soft mattress and soon drifted off to a peaceful sleep.

*004*2021-01-21 22:21

Just a quick clarification before the second story. These stories don't follow any central theme or storyline, and are mostly unrelated to each other. This means that there probably won't be many repeat characters if any.

###

The Duel

The village of Fhelian was alive with chatter. Ainne tuned out the exited whispers as she strolled through the streets. She had to stay focused. She had an important duel coming up. It was the championship match, a very big deal. Ainne was one of the village's best duelists and this was her chance to prove her skill. She shaded her eyes as she glanced at the sun to discern the time. Just after noon. Only an hour left, she thought. Ainne hated to wait. To pass some time, she had decided to talk a walk through Fhelian's cobbled roads. She loved her village, and although it wasn't large it did have a strong sense of community.

As she walked, Ainne bowed to a farmer she saw working the fields, as was her people's custom. Ainne was a Parshitali. The Parshitali were a humanoid race that lived on the eastern shore of Glecoya. They had bright pink skin with mesmerizing blue and purple markings. It was often easy to tell one Parshitali from another just by the pattern on their skin. The Parshitali also enjoyed a hight advantage over their distant human cousins. If the pink skin wasn't enough, a Parshitali's deep blue hair was a dead giveaway.

The other defining characteristic of the Parshitali was that they loved to fight. Swordsmanship was a founding pillar of their culture. Duels were held often, and great fame and wealth awaited the very best. Because of their love for the blade, other races tended to see Parshitali as a bloodthirsty people, hungering for war. This was, of course, a false stereotype. Who could enjoy the blood and destruction of war? There was no joy in that. It was like comparing fine art to a child's finger painting. They were leagues apart. In addition, the Parshitali didn't worship the blade as some thought. They simply enjoyed the entertainment it could provide. The Parshitali culture instead held those who provided above all others. Farmers, smiths, and medics were some of the most respected callings one could have.

Ainne rounded the last bend in her walk, and found herself looking at the arena. Every village had one, and how nice your arena was acted as a mark of pride. Almost time now Ainne thought. She headed inside the arena. She was quickly recognized as a contestant and was led to a small room built into the wall of the arena where she could prepare. She could hear the crowd roaring with anticipation outside. Through a slit in the wood that made up the door of her staging room Ainne could see a large circle filled with hard packed sand. She also caught a glimpse of the crowded seating, rising above the arena floor. Her heart fluttered with anticipation. Ainne had never been able to quell that mix of excitement and nerves that arose before a duel.

She grabbed her sword, Daybringer, which had been left in her staging room by an attendant. She took a swig of water from the canteen hanging from the wall. She wore no armor. What was the fun of a duel if you could just take a hit? Sure, it was helpful in all-out war, but not for a duel. That was like walking with a cane, or swimming with a flotation device. You would use it if you had to, but only when necessary. Plus Parshitali medics had powerful healing magic. They could easily patch up an injured fighter. Ainne heard a countdown begin somewhere in the stands. Her stomach fluttered again as the wooden gate in front of her began to rise. This would not be an easy fight. Ainne's opponent was a powerful duelist from a neighboring village. The fight would end only when one person yield or was too injured to continue. The countdown hit zero, the gate lifted, and Ainne stepped out onto the sand.

###

Vasati stepped onto the sand, brushing long blue hair behind her ear. She looked across the arena, sizing up her opponent. Her opponent, Ainne, was doing the same. The first park of the duel didn't involve swords at all. It was about watching your opponent and choosing the best strategy. As the two Parshitali women continued to circle each other in the sand, waiting for the other to make the first move. Vasati had a more powerful build compared to Ainne who was taller and lithe. Ainne had beautiful triangle shaped purple markings on her cheeks. Vasati envied those markings. Her light blue ones were nice, but not nearly as attractive as Ainne's. Both of the women were wearing the standard dueling clothing. A loose black top that exposed the midriff paired with tight brown trousers held up by a rope belt.

Now that she was done inspecting her opponent the duel could truly begin. Vasati dashed forward and swung at Ainne with a quick overhand strike. Ainne parried before pulling back and swinging at Vasati's legs. Dodging back, Vasati remained calm sword held in front of her. Metal clashed again as the two swords connected. The crowd roared. Vasati blocked out the sound and focused. Ainne was advancing forward, sword held in an aggressive position. Vasati fell back into a defensive stance, fending off a flurry of blows. She went on the attack net, but had little success. The two women broke apart for a brief moment. They seemed to be evenly matched in terms of skill. That just means I have to be smarter. thought Vasati. She feel back into a defensive position again, hoping to coax Ainne into making a mistake.

The two continued to class with out success. Neither had even scored a hit on their opponent. The two women fell back for what seemed like the hundredth time breathing heavy. The longer they fought, the more likely they were to make a mistake. Knowing this, both women tried to conserve energy by fighting defensively. Ainne was worried. She was all for a good fight, but she had used some of her best moves and they had done nothing! Vasati really was good. Ainne was forced to jerk to the side in order to avoid a downward slice form Vasati's blade.

A blush rose on Ainne's face as she felt a couple drops of piss leak into her undergarments. She had leaked a few times before, and was worried about the saturation she could feel in her underwear. This was not an uncommon problem for Ainne or any duelist. A duel could be scary affairs, and no one ever thought less of you for losing control. Of course that didn't mean Ainne was happy about it. She would just have to try to hold on until the duel was finished. But who knew how long that would be.

Vasati was in a similar situation. Her own bladder had started to act up. She had never been the best at holding, even under normal circumstances. The added stress and fear of a duel didn't help. There were other things to focus on at the moment though. Vasati blocked a strike aimed for her side before trying to retaliate with a jab. Ainne slapped her blade away, before attacking with a thrust of her own. Vasati danced away. Both women were flagging. They were exhausted. Vasati decided to give it one last effort. This was going to be her final gambit. She jumped at Ainne with a flurry of strikes, her sword singing in the air. Ainne was able to block the blows but was forced backward. She winced as one of Vasati's strikes nicked her arm. Ainne grimaced. She needed to regroup, before trying to fight again. She went to back away, but felt her foot hit the arena's stone wall. A jolt of fear shot through Ainne's bod she was cornered.

A swing came at Ainne's head and she was able to block, but her own sword rebounded into the wall. Ainne lost her grip, and the weapon fell from her hands. In moments Vasati's blade was pressed against Ainne's throat forcing the women back against the wall. Cold terror washed over Ainne like a wave. Her stomach stomach did a somersault, and her heart raced. Ainne's fear coaxed her bladder to release. Warm pee began to run down her legs in rivers. The warm wetness made her cringe. The brown trousers she wore did nothing to hide her accident. Dark streaks made their way down her legs, forming a dark circle on the sand. Embarrassment made Ainne blush.

"I yield!" she shouted. The blade was pulled from her neck. Ainne slumped to her knees as the last few drops of her piss soaked into the sand. The duel was over. Vasati had won the day.

###

Vasati slumped against the wall of her staging room. She smiled. That Ainne girl was good. It had been one of the most challenging duels of her life. And who could blame the girl for losing control of her bladder? Vasati had nearly done the same. As a matter of fact, she did still need to pee. And pretty bad too. An exiting duel can do that to a person. Vasati looked around the room, but couldn't find a place to relieve herself. Her bladder spasmed in protest. Uh oh. Vasati thought. Her bladder ached again. She quickly walked to the door out of the staging room. She pushed it open and was instantly greeted by an attendant. Before she could make her needs known, Vasati was dragged away by the short Parshitali man. She was lead to an open chamber. Vasati groaned internally. The trophy ceremony. She clenched her bladder as hard as she could before entering the room.

Vasati walked out thirty minutes later barely keeping control. Her legs were shaking. She walked briskly through the area surrounding the arena, looking for a bathroom. After a few minutes of desperate searching, she was out of options. Vasati could feel the urine about to slip into the dueling pants she still war. Suddenly an idea came to her. She half-ran, half-waddled, thighs pressed together into the arena. As she stumbled out onto the sand she sighed in relief. There was no body there. Everyone had already left the arena to celebrate. Vasati made to pull down her pants in order to relieve herself on the sand, but found she couldn't.

The belt! She struggled with the rope for a moment, but it was too late. The floodgates opened and Vasati began to wet herself. She groaned as piss rushed into her undergarments, then pouring into her trousers. She leaned her back against a wall and let it happen. As much as she felt embarrassed, the release did feel relaxing. She peed for what must have been a full minute before looking down to inspect the damage. The position in which she had leaned against the wall had made the pee run down below her ass and the bottom of her thighs. Dark stains also could be seen on her calves and between her legs. A small puddle had formed between her feet. Vasati groaned with disappointment. Wether she had won the duel or not, she still felt like a loser at the moment.

*007*2021-01-22 12:53

{{1 hour ago, Thispieguy1 said:

Fear wettings are peek, keep up the good work!

}}

Thanks for the feedback!

{{5 hours ago, DsGSilver said:

The first story was a wonderfully creative way to induce accidents. I enjoyed that a lot.

And you can't go wrong with a classic fear wetting in the second.

Really excited to see more.

}}

Thank you! I always think something unique is better than another "normal" wetting scenario. I really appreciate the feedback!

*008*2021-01-23 18:41

The Quest for a Queen (Note: There is some sexual content towards the end of the story)

Sienna pulled herself up from the soft mattress, rubbing sleep from her eyes. She stretched, yawning, as light filtered in through the window. As she became fully aware of her surroundings, a smile light the Fey woman's face. She threw off her blankets and sat up. To Sienna's delight, she noticed a damp sensation surrounding her legs, and a dark stain on her sheets. She had wet the bed. Her nightgown had been soaked along with her blankets. The accident had probably happened recently, due to the dampness that her clothes displayed as they clung to Sienna's legs.

Sienna loved that sensation. In fact, she loved wetting herself in general. The feeling of relief, the liquid running down her legs, the warmth that heated up her clothing. She loved it. Fetishes like Sienna's were not uncommon among the Fey people. They were a society that reveled in pleasure, not matter how it was obtained. At first glance, the Fey looked just like humans. That was until you noticed that incredible beauty and otherworldly grace. The Fey held beauty above all other characteristics. All the Fey people were shockingly beautiful, and made no attempt to hide it. They were the descendants of a union between ancient humans and the now extinct fairies that had once inhabited Glecoya.

As much as Sienna wanted to enjoy the damp sensation that was still present on her bed, she had things to do today. It was an important time in Fey history. They were selecting a new monarch. Sienna got dressed in a tight emerald dress that cut off just before the knees, as was the current fashion among the Fey. She tied her pale blond hair into a braid that flowed down her back before slipping out into the busy streets of Amora, the capital of the Fey territory. As Sienna walked through the city she saw many couples or groups heading the same way she was. They were all dressed in their finest fabrics, with elaborate hairstyles and makeup.

Everyone in the city wanted the same thing. To be the new ruler of the Fey. Fey monarchs were not chosen like others. There was no inheriting the throne or divine right. Instead, the new rulers were chosen based on beauty. Thousands of eligible men and women gathered in Amora to attend a series of parties and receptions. After all the celebration was over, every citizen would vote for their new monarch based on their appearance, grace, and elegance. The man and woman who received the most votes would be married, and become the new King and Queen.

Many people from all over Glecoya thought that the Fey practices were foolish. But this was one of the most deeply ingrained traditions of Fey culture, and they would not be abandoning it any time soon. Plus, the Fey had no need for a strong political ruler. Their human neighbors to the North shared a bond due to their ancestry, and were strong allies. The Parshitali that bordered their eastern and southern sides were mostly peaceful, and didn't interact much with outsiders. To the West, right in the middle of the Glecoyan continent, was the Wastelands. Miles and miles of unending dessert created a strong natural fortification. The Fey still had a standing army of course, though it never saw much use.

Sienna stopped in the road to marvel at the gorgeous structure in front of her. The Royal Palace was a massive building made completely from white quartz. It shone in the morning sun, a beacon of beauty above the city. Even though Sienna had lived in Amora all her life, she had still never gotten tiered of the gorgeous building. The Palace was the venue for the final reception before the vote. Composing herself, Sienna strode in, head held high. It was important that she look confident and graceful. She walked into the large main hall where a large crowd of other hopefuls were socializing. Glancing around the room, Sienna soon found who she was looking for. Luna was a tall woman with smooth auburn hair, dressed in a tight sapphire dress, similar to the one Sienna wore.

Sienna and Luna had been in a relationship for over two years now. They shared the same interests and, much to Sienna's delight, fetishes. Same sex couples were relatively common in Fey culture. They didn't care about someone's gender as much as they did about overall beauty. The act of having both a Queen and a King was more for equal gender representation than tradition. Luna saw Sienna from across the room and came to meet her. Sienna couldn't help but glance at Luna's curvy figure as she walked.

"Hey gorgeous" Luna said as way of introduction.

"Hey yourself", Sienna responded. "I love that dress".

"Thanks!" Luna said. "I know you like blue" A mischievous smile broke across Luna's face. Sienna couldn't help but smile back. After a few minutes of talking, and after Luna introduced Sienna to some others she had met at the party, a horn sounded. Everyone turned to look at the source of the noise. The King stood in front of a set of massive oak doors, surrounded by guards playing trumpets. The King gave a short speech, thanking everyone for coming and wishing luck to his successor. His wife, The Queen, had died a month ago causing the search for a new pair of monarchs. The doors behind The King opened and the feast had begun.

Luna and Sienna sat down beside each other about half way down one of the five long wood tables that stretched the length of the feasting hall. The room was truly massive. The feast consisted of roast duck and swan, as well as delicious pastries and fruits. They were also served the finest Fey wine, known across Glecoya for its quality. The Fey loved to eat. Even though it was still early morning, the gathered hopefuls stuffed themselves like it was their last meal. Even in the face of such unorthodox eating habits, Fey never seemed to gain any wait, always staying at an optimal size. This quality was probably some left over magic from their fairy ancestors.

Sienna dug in to a large bite of duck, savoring the salty gravy drizzled over top. Throughout the fast she engaged in pleasant conversation with Luna to her right as well as a man seated to her left, who said his name was Trevan. During the meal, Sienna made a point of drinking as much wine as possible. She was starting to feel her bladder fill up. She looked to her side at Luna who she knew was doing the same. They shared a wink and a smile. After the feast had concluded a few hours later, The King bade farewell to his guests and they filled out of the Palace. The votes would be counted all day and throughout the night. The Fey would know their new monarch by tomorrow.

Luna and Sienna walked down the street hand in hand. They were on their way back to Sienna's place. Both women were more than a bit tipsy, and both stumbled along with their bladders clenched. About half way to Sienna's home, Luna moaned and bent over, hand shoved between her legs. Sienna giggled, and felt herself get exited. This is so hot she thought to herself.

"That bad huh?", she asked.

"Yeah" Luna grunted. "I don't now if I'm gonna make it back to your house". Sienna felt her heart flutter. They kept walking, though Luna was forced to stop periodically to keep ahold of her bladder. About two blocks from Sienna's house, Luna stopped. She gasped as she threw both hands between her legs.

"It's coming out!" She whispered frantically. Sienna grabbed her partner's hand and, after a moment of hesitation, pulled her into an ally between two tall buildings. There, Luna pressed her back against a wall and leaned her head back, not even bothering with her clothes. Sienna heard a quiet hiss as Luna started to piss herself. Luna moaned in pleasure as her bladder released. Piss poured into her panties before splashing against her legs. Her position against the wall caused the urine to run onto the back of her dress before falling to the ground with a patter. A puddle formed under her legs. Luna felt amazing. Her wet legs rubbed together as she stood up, spraying drops of pee onto the ground. Sienna stared as her partner straightened up. They had peed in front of each other plenty of times before, but never in public. The whole incident had gotten her very horny. Not to mention her own need to pee had gotten more pressing after watching Luna's accident.

Luna peeked around the corner into the street before pulling Sienna along behind her as she made her way toward Sienna's house. Sienna could clearly see a dark wet spot on Luna's dress, where the blue had darkened almost to navy. Her heart was beating almost out of her chest. Soon, they had reached Sienna's house. As soon as Sienna had unlocked the door and pulled it open, Luna was upon her. She pressed her lips to Sienna's as she kicked the door closed with her heel. They feel onto Sienna's bed which, Sienna noticed with amusement, still had a stain on it from her bedwetting that morning. Luna noticed too.

"What happened here?" she asked, rubbing the stain.

"I had a little accident" Sienna said with a sly smile. Luna grinned and kissed her again. After a few minutes of making out, Sienna sat upright. She was straddling Luna who lay flat on the bed beneath her.

"Luna" she whispered. "I have to pee".

"Then do it" Luna whispered back. Sienna smiled, and let go. Her bladder burst, and pee rushed into her panties. She moaned in pleasure as the liquid ran down between her legs. The stream formed another wet spot on the bed between her legs. Sienna basked in the pleasure of her wetting. After about thirty seconds she felt her stream die down. The fabric of her lace panties clung to her vagina. Luna rose up onto her knees, and their mouths met again. They fell back onto the bed, and after a minute or two, had cast off their dresses. They pressed up against each other in just their undergarments before casting those aside too. The two women pressed their bodies together moving as one. Sienna felt a different kind of pressure building up in her lower body. Luna's fingers worked her exposed womanhood, rubbing back and forth. Sienna moaned as she felt an orgasm coming. She closed her eyes and threw her head back as she climaxed.

After Sienna came down from her high, she soon returned the favor. It wasn't long before Luna was gasping as she she too climaxed. The two girls laid down on the bed, thoroughly soaked with Sienna's piss. They snuggled up against each other, feeling the heat from the others body. Their activities had left them exhausted. The two Fey closed their eyes and relaxed, drifting off to a peaceful sleep filled with dreams of feasts and wettings.

