Entry Void

Author: jibbyjamie

*000*2021-04-30 00:23

Chapter 1: An Important Business Meeting

Vanessa is a 24 year old young woman. She is originally from Germany, but moved to England a few years ago, having moved there originally to go to college. She wasn’t planning to stay after college, but ended up making a life for herself and really, she saw no reason to move back. She managed to gather a pretty international group of friends around her, some from England, some from elsewhere. She had recently started her first job after graduating, working as an assistent in an advertement firm. Her college degree was quite broad, and she wasn’t sure if this was what she wanted to put it to use for for the rest of her life, but it was a good start. Her job didn’t actually involve all that much. It was mostly administrative stuff.

Organising her boss’ schedule, taking notes in meetings, ... making coffee, of course. Her boss was quite strict, and could be a bit insensitive at times, but really they got along great, and even chose to spend time together outside work. For a recent college graduate she got paid well, her boss generally treated her well, and she felt like the company was small enough that she felt a genuine connection to her colleagues. There wasn’t a hard line between her colleagues, and her friends outside work, and in the year since she had worked for the firm, the two groups, being quite similar in age, had quickly become intertwined very quickly. Overall, she felt very content with the way her life was going.

Presently Leanne, her boss, was stressing about an upcoming meeting with a potential big new customer. They were looking for a company to design a logo, build a website, and create billboards for them. For the company, being relatively young, this was a huge opportunity, and Leanne felt like a huge amount of pressure was on her to come up with good proposals and make the deal happen. Vanessa’s part in the meeting would mostly be to pay close attention and take notes, but Leanne occasionally asked for her input, and Vanessa suspected that this may turn out to be one of those meetings where she will be asked for input.

“Good,” Vanessa thought to herself. “These are the meetings where I get to show what I’m worth.” -- She was eyeing a promotion. She didn’t mind being Leanne’s assistant. In fact, she quite enjoyed it. But really she would love to be part of an actual design team, making the real work happen. Her studies, however, having primary been focussed on bussiness and not much on marketing, let alone graphic design, didn’t really allow her to jump straight into such a job. She when she got offered the opportunity to work at a young company, surrounded by people that were mostly in her age group, and was promised that if she proved her worth they would consider moving her onto one of the design teams, she figured it was worth a good opportunity and she ought to take it.

“Hey Vanessa, do you want to go get lunch together?” Leanne asked her. It was time for lunch, and there was about 1.5 hour left until the big meeting. It was probably good to go outside and get some fresh air. “Sure, usual spot?”

“Yes, today is pumpkin soup day!”. Somehow, whenever Leanne was stressed, pumpkin soup was her go-to comfort food. Vanessa didn’t care for it much, but she’d just get a sandwich. Leanne needed some comfort right about now.

And so they got into the elevator. The company wasn’t big enough to have its own elevator, but they shared a floor in a large office building. The building they were in had 10 floors, and 2 elevator shafts. They were on the 5th floor, and there were 2 other companies sharing the floor with them. Each company’s offices had their own entrances though, and they had their own space. It wasn’t an office share. The only spaces they shared with other companies were the elevators, and the toilets.

Leanne pressed the button to go down to the ground floor. They exited through the barriers, and headed slightly further into the city, to their favourite lunch place. Heany’s, it was called. It was nothing fancy, really, but they did decent soup, sandwiches and pastries, and their coffee was amazing. Leanne ordered pumpkin soup and a chicken tikka sandwich. Vanessa went for a pastrami and horseradish sandwich, and a large coffee. Vanessa loved this place’s coffee. It was pretty expensive, with a large cup coming in at £5, but what you got in return was a half litre cup of utterly amazing coffee to sip away at. They took their orders, and went to sit down at a small table.

Leanne was a 28 year old blach haired lady. She was slim, and extremely pretty, Vanessa thought. Despite never wearing make-up, Leanne always looked like she was ready to take on the world. Everything from her confident smile to her business casual dress just reinforced the impression. Presently was one of those few moments where Vanessa could see straight though Leanne, however, and could see how nervous she really was. Not that she held it against Leanne, though.

Today was a big day for Leanne and the business she had started just 3 years prior. Vanessa really admired her. As such, Vanessa tried to copy some of the traits she so admired about Vanessa. Vanessa was a brunette, and while she didn’t quite have the perfect waist-to-body ratio Leanne possesed, and didn’t quite have the confidence nor the skin to notfeel the need to put on make-up, physically she was decidedly quite attractive. It was the body language that she really had a hard time getting down, however. Leanne always seemed so confident and in control of of her movements, while Vanessa felt like in comparison she was just a bit clunky and couldn’t quite get the confident look down.

They both finished lunch, and got ready to head back out to the office. “Hold on, just gotta use the bathroom real quick”, said Leanne. And she headed towards one of the many public bathrooms that were now available.

2028 was a pretty good year to be alive. The economy had bounced back from the depression caused by the COVID-19 pandemic much faster than most experts had anticipated, and after having been locked up in their homes for over a year the population had gotten more acquainted with technology being a bigger part of their lives. Most companies had become a lot more liberal with working from home policies, allowing employees to work from home 2-3 days a week with no questions asked as long as work got done and meetings were attended.

On top of this, hygiene standards were improved quite a bit, and to the deligh of almost every woman in Europe, public toilets had become plentiful. As societies had slowly been re-opening after the pandemic, a pretty... annoying problem had come to light. As first shops, then restaurants, and then eventually pubs had been allowed to re-open, there were (and still are) quite strict requirements in place about staff and customers not being allowed to use the same bathrooms to prevent customers from contaminating staff.

This sounds pretty sane, except up until that point most places had not been designed around this idea and had a single bathroom for staff and customers alike. As it wasn’t quite feasible to ask staff to hold off on nature’s call for 8-9 hours, businesses had pretty much unanymously made the decision to keep their bathrooms for staff only, and to no longer allow use of bathroom facilities by customers. This proved to be... problematic. While from a hygiene requirement, this makes perfect sense, this is London we’re talking about.

Most people that walk around London’s streets don’t live in the city centre. To make matters worse, the few public bathrooms that London had available at the time had mostly been closed down due to concerns over drug addicts and homeless people, and the few that remained open had absolutely insane queueing times, to the point where many that were in need usually did not make it in time. Men had taken to peeing against trees, or where there was a lack thereof, buildings. Women, on the other hand, tries to find a discrete place to take care of business, but in a busy city like London this wasn’t as straightforward as it may sound. On top of this, public orination was an offence, and police weren’t keen on making exceptions.

To get around this problem, it was clear that a large amount of public toilet facilities would be needed. Many of the existing public toilets had been shut down due to concerns over drug addicts, homeless people, and just the cost of keeping them clean throughout the day, so something new was needed. And something new did arrive. Presently, London had an abundance of public toilets, as did most of the rest of Europe. The system had originally been developed and rolled out in Germany (Vanessa couldn’t help but be a bit proud of her home country for this), and had spread quickly as governments all throughout Europe saw how well it worked.

To enter one of the many new public toilets, you had to scan your identity card. This opened the door, and you could take care of business. Toilets were clean, well-maintained, and were really even quite luxurious. Some of these public toilets facilities even had shower rooms in them. So how come abuse wasn’t a concern for these facilities? Well, first of all, in order to enter you needed to scan your identity card.

The door opens, you can take care of your business, and exit. When you exit, nobody else is allowed in for a few seconds. During this time, several cameras that are in the toilet space take pictures, and an algorithm decides if the toilet was left in a clean state. If it was, the light outside goes green, and the next person can scan their ID in order to enter. If the algorithm decides the room was not left in a clean state, or isn’t quite sure, however, someone who’s job it is to sit behind a computer all day and inspect pictures of public toilets gets sent the pictures and has to make a judgement call.

Once she decides everything is in order, the light goes green and the next person can scan their ID. If they decide, however, that the toilet was not left in an acceptable state, the entire toilet facility (which may comprise of several separate spaces with toilets in them) gets shut down until someone is sent to clean the place back up. More importantly, however, the “toilet pass” that is on the identity card of the last person to go in gets voided, and they are no longer able to make use of any of the public toilet facilities that make use of the system (which, in this case, means a pretty large part of Europe).

Every now and then the people who have to look at the pictures all day take a while to make up their minds, but overall the system works extremely well, and hence it was very quickly rolled out. It was so successful, in fact, that it was even made available to private businesses wanting to decrease the load on their cleaning staff. As a result, most businesses that by now have toilets available for the public used the same system. As a matter of fact, so did the office building Vanessa and Leanne spent their days in. The system was centrally managed, highly effective at preventing abuse, and very cost-effective for governments and businesses alike.

Presently, Leanne scanned her ID and the door opened. A few minutes later, she came back out and they headed back to the office together. On the way back, Vanessa was still sipping her huge cup of coffee.

When they got back to the office, they quickly went into Leanne’s office to read over their notes one last time, and then their potential new customers arrived and they all headed into the meeting room. The company they were dealing with sells sports equipment. Everything from skis and basket balls to ballet shoes and sports bras. “So... I imagine you’re familiar with our business to some extent, and have at leats seen our current logo around.” the man said, smiling kindly. He was a blonde man in his early 30s, wearing a suit. He was accompanied by a black-haired woman around his age with dark brown skin, wearing formal attire.

“We’re looking for a company to first of all design us a new logo and a new website. We’re not looking for a refresh, we’re thinking to go with something completely new. If we’re happy with what we get, we’ll be back looking for billboards with a strong possibility of more work to come your way in the future.” Vanessa was yet again amazed by how cool and composed Leanne appeared. The meeting was set to go on for a long time. Leanne was showing customers some drafts of logos and website designs she had the design teams come up with, and they were brainstorming.

Vanessa meanwhile was doing her job trying to keep up with the conversation and keeping notes. About an hour into the meeting, however, this was starting to get ever more difficult. She by no means had a small bladder, but she had neglected to take a bathroom break at lunch, and she was really starting to regret that now. She could really feel that large cup of coffee going down to her bladder, and was starting to feel quite anxious about that 50cl bottle of water she had downed just before lunch.

“Vanessa, what do you think?” Vanessa panicked. Leanne was asking her opinion about something, but she had lost track of the conversation ,being distracted by the loud signals her bladder was sending her. “Ehh...” she stammered. Leanne frowned, and asked “Blue, to instill a feeling of peace, or green, to remind people of nature?” Vanessa looked at the logo design they had been discussing. “Personally I’d be in favour of using a pastel green, to combine both of those qualities. Do you think that would be a good idea?” Vanessa and the other two considered this for a moment. “Yes... yes... I think that might work, but we’d need something else in there to provide a bit of contrast, then. Pastel colours alone don’t work well when printed on a white background.”, said Leanne.

And they continued brainstorming. Vanessa continued taking notes, but about half an hour later she could definitely say she was absolutely desperate. She was fidgeting with her pen constantly, wiggling her now tightly crossed legs, and finding it hard to remain focused. The worst thing was, she had no idea how long this meeting was still going to go on for. It would go on until either the customer was happy and awareded them the contract, or the deal was off the table, she imagined.

She wanted to ask Leanne discreetly if she could please be excused to use the restrooms, but she knew that despite them getting along well and Leanne treating her quite well, in this particular case Leanne would really not appreciate it. She needed Vanessa there to take notes, give the occasional bit of input, and, Vanessa suspected, Leanne’s nerves and a need for moral support right now had something to do with it too. Vanessa wanted to be there for Leanne, as well as not miss out on a potential opportunity to advance her own career in the process. But she was really going to need to relieve herself. Soon.

In the 20 minutes that followed she was asked for her input a few more times. She thought she managed to do alright, despite not really being able to give the topics her full attention. By this point, however, she was starting to feel like she may not have a choice. She would either need to be excused to use the restroom, or she may actually wet herself during a business meeting. She was fidgeting a lot by now, constantly crossing and uncrossing her legs, sitting slightly bent forward, tapping her foot, and every now and then drawing deep breaths. It helped her hold on, somewhat, but Leanne had started shooting her annoyed glances.

Vanessa understood, this was probably driving her nuts and really distracting her, as well as just giving off a bad impression, but frankly Vanessa didn’t have a choice. Finally, there was a short period if silence in the meeting. They had just agreed on a logo design and colour scheme they could work with. Vanessa grabbed her chance and asked “Would anyone care for some coffee?”, thinking it would give her an excuse to get out of the meeting room and make a run for the restroom. “No thanks, maybe later.”

“I’m good, thank you.”

“No, thank you, Vanessa.” said the man, the woman and Leanne respectively. Vanessa considered her options. She really didn’t have any. She was desperate, unable to sit still, and wetting herself if she tried to hold on much longer was becoming a real possibility. “Leanne, do you think we could take a short break? I could really use a trip to the ladies’.”, Vanessa pleaded. She was looking at Leanne while posing the question, trying to make it clear with her eyes that this was an honest emergency. Leanne looked annoyed, and responded “We’ve just hit a milestone, I say we keep the momentum going. Unless our guests feel like they would like a short break, perhaps?” She looked at the prospects.

“Honestly, a break sounds lovely. My brain is starting get a bit fried I’m being totally honest.”, the man said. Vanessa’s terror at Leanne’s response turned into relied. Oh my goodness. She would get to a toilet at last. “- However, We’d just like to discuss one last thing before we take a break.” Vanessa’s heart sank. The woman started talking about the website, asking what sorts of technologies the firm was familiar with, whether they’d need to hire an external consultant for search engine optimisation or whether this would be taken care of in-house, what about servers space, ... Vanessa wanted to... honestly, she didn’t know what she wanted to do. She wanted to cry. She wanted to be able to shove a hand between her legs. She wanted to run out of that meeting room and get to a toilet. She wanted to pee. Now.

Vanessa kept taking notes, kept figgeting, kept dancing in her seat, and was breathing heavily by this stage due to the effort of holding her bladder. She knew she was probably being extremely obnoxious. She knew Leanne would not be impressed with the way she was unable to keep her composure. Some part of her worried about all this, but another part of her was more worried about the large volume of urine that was attacking her bladder from the inside. “Ok, that’s settled. I must say, miss, I’m very impressed with all the technical know-how you seem to have both personally as well as within your company, for such a small, young company.”

“Thank you, we try our hardest to get a hold of the very best people for the job.”, Leane said, smiling confidently. They got up from their seats, and Vanessa followed suit. Vanessa knew the drill. She escored them out of the meeting room, and into the open-plan office, after which she went to the kitchen to make coffee for everyone. The moment she turned around the corner of the wall loosely separating the kitchen from the rest of the office she grabbed herself and danced on the spot.

“Oh my god... Oh my god...” she whispered under her breath, a hand firmly shoved between the legs of her light blue chinos. Slowly, she regained some of her composure (only some, nobody could see her right now anyway), and walked to the coffee machine. “Just a few more minutes...” she told herself. “Just a few more minutes, and then you’ll be able to excuse yourself to use the bathroom.” She took a cup out of the cupboard, put it under the coffee machine, and pressed the button.

The sound of the coffee machine grinding beans and... coffee hitting the cup. She started dancing more frantically, putting two fingers back between her legs. She put the cup of coffee to the side, put another empty cup beneath the machine, and pressed the button. The sound of fresh coffee hitting the cup affected her less this time, but she still wiggled and danced around on the spot. At that moment, James came around the corner, and she quickly regained her composure. “Hey,” James said. “So how’s that meeting going?”

“Quite well,” Vanessa responded. “They seem really happy with what we’re proposing.” She tried to keep still but could not help fidgeting and rythmically squeezing her pelvis and bending her knees slightly. “Are you... ok?” James asked. “Uh-huh.”

“... Are you sure?”

“Uh-huh.” She crossed her legs. “Do you need to use the bathroom?”

“Maybe.”

“Been stuck in that meeting room for too long, huh?”

“Yes, and I didn’t use the bathroom since about an hour before I went to lunch. I’ve been absolutely bursting for over an hour now. I just need to make some coffee, bring it over, and then I can go.”, she said to James. “Leanne can be a bit of a hard-ass when it comes to simple things like this, can’t she?”

“She really can be. I asked her if I could be excused to use the restroom and she basically refused me. It’s only because the prospects said they’d like a short break too. I genuinely don’t know what I would’ve done had they not.”

“Yikes. That bad, eh?”

“YES.” And she started dancing around frantically again. She was a bit embarrassed, but the jig was up now anyway. James had noticed, unsurprisingly. “Be back in a sec...”, she murmured as she took the two cups of coffee out to the prospects and came back into the kitchen to make a cup of coffee for Leanne. She herself would gladly pass on coffee this time around. “Do you think you would’ve made it another hour or so?” James asked tentatively. Vanessa found the question rather direct, but didn’t think much more of it said said “Not a chance. If I don’t get to the bathroom soon I am quite sure I will actually wet myself.” She pressed the button on the coffee machine. James looked at her for a few seconds and said “Honestly, I know. Long meetings are the worst, and I get caught out too every now and then.” She didn’t know what to say to that. Not hugely, but she found this conversation a little bit embarrassing to be having, especially in the kitchen at work.

She hadn’t been paying attention. She coffee hit the cup. She doubled over, crossing her legs, shoving her hand between her legs, and a little spurt escaped her bladder. Chills ran down her entire body. She very much took this to mean “Final warning. Get to a toilet. Now.” she didn’t wait for the coffee machine to finish and took the cup out from under it, bring the 3/4 filled cup of coffee over to Leanne without looking back at James. Her movements were brisk. She handed Leanne her cup of coffee and said “Excuse me, I’ll be back in a minute.” before fast-walking to the bathroom.

She exited the office, walked through the door to the shared bathroom facilities, and with her left hand firmly pressed between her legs scanned her ID to open a cubicle and danced her way inside the cubicle. It was taking all her might to hold on long enough to allow herself to pull down her trowsers, and the moment she had plopped down on the toilet she let go. A powerful waterfall erupted out of her, and for the first 20 seconds or so she felt like the pressure on her bladder was not reducing in the slighest. Once the feeling of pressure on her bladder started to subside, she just sat there in utter bliss for a while, all the while her bladder throbbing, legs shaking, and vagina... tingling, strangely? She peed for a solid 50 seconds, her stream being very forceful all the way until the end. Even when she’d finished for a minute or two she just sat there, her heart racing, the area around her bladder throbbing, and her legs too weak and shaky to get up.

When she got back into the office, Leanne told her “Good, you’re back.” and they went back into the meeting room to close the rest of the deal.

*001*2021-05-01 01:24

Chapter 2: Celebration Time

“You did well today.”, Leanne remarked. They had just agreed a deal with their new big customer. “Your input was valuable, and the notes you took throughout the meeting are very thorough.” The meeting had ended about half an hour ago, and Leanne had read through Vanessa’s notes. “However... You really need to work on being a bit more professional during meetings.” Vanessa didn’t really know what to say.” Leanne continued, “Your constant fidgeting made you come across as quite nervous and unprofessional, and it’s not what we want new potential customers to see.”

“I’m sorry, Leanne. But I really needed to use the bathroom, and I didn’t know how best to excuse myself. That’s why I tried to suggest a coffee break.”, Vanessa replied. “It’s simple... you don’t. Your input during the meeting was valuable, but you’re a grown woman, Vanessa. You should be able to hold your bladder until the end of a meeting, and I’m sure you would have been able to. I must urge you to keep your composure next time. It’s important to give a professional, confident impression during these meetings, and you dancing and squirming on your chair really does quite the opposite.”

“I’m sorry, Leanne. But I really only did it as a last resort. Have you never felt... desperate to relieve yourself... during a long meeting?” She felt embarassed asking the question, and Leanne’s tone made her feel like feel like a child. “Of course I have. Everyone has, at some stage. But you don’t see me hopping around on my chair or trying to interrupt important an business meeting. I’m an adult, and as such I am in control of my bodily functions.” Vanessa said nothing. Leanne’s message was clear. “Please, try to keep your composure next time.”

“I’m sorry, Leanne. I’ll keep it in mind.”, Vanessa said. Even though she still didn’t know what she realistically could’ve done differently in that situation. “Good. Now, not to sour the mood. We just made a great deal happen for our company, and you did your part in it. We should go celebrate tonight!”

The company and its employees were all quite young, and aside from some minor personal grievances generally everyone likes one another and got along great. This combined with their office having its own beer tap meant everyone was always more than happy to celebrate whatever there was to celebrate at any given time. Leanne might be a bit of a hard-ass at times, but generally she really was quite easy-going and honestly just a really fun person to be around.

Installing the beer tap had been Leanne’s way of celebrating the first anniversary of their company a couple of years back, and ever since it had become a tradition that whenever there was anything to celebrate (deals being closed, birthdays, new hires, company parties, or more recently even just the last evening before a long weekend was about to kick off) a beer keg would be ordered in. They’d always start with having drinks at the office, gathered around the beer tap, and by the time the beer keg was finished whoever was left would often end up hitting the nightlife.

Today was such a reason to celebrate, and true to tradition Leanne had ordered in a keg. As a nice bonus, she had also ordered in pizza. “Have some pizza as soakage, tonight we go hard cause going home ain’t an option!”, Leanne shouted excitedly. Hard to believe this is the woman who was lecturing me on professional behaviour and keeping my composure at all times just half an hour ago, isn’t it? Everyone knew Leanne and her quirks, but she was very well-liked within the company. Everyone tended to respect her authority at work and could see she generally made really good choices for business, and everyone loved spending time with her in an informal setting, too. Many even considered her a friend.

Vanessa wasn’t quite sure if she was one of those people quite yet, but she definitely liked Leanne and had spent time with her outside the office at a few occasions, so she figured that maybe she was. Leanne’s insensitive attitude towards her bladder predicament earlier on didn’t quite sit well with her, but she couldn’t really hold it against her as really everyone knew Leanne for being able to keep her cool no matter how stressed she was. Then again, it wasn’t Leanne who had been about to lose control of her bladder, Vanessa thought somewhat sourly, still feeling small wet patch she had left on her underwear. Anyhow, no point dwelling on it... I’ll just have to remind myself to be smart and use the bathroom before a meeting next time. That simple, really.

Presently, people were chatting to one another, drinking beer and eating pizza. Just small talk, mostly. What they were working on, whether they had been up to anything last weekend, ... Leanne was sitting around a table with James, Emma and Rory. James was a brown-haired guy that was one year older than her. He’d started at the company about a month before her, as a website designer, so they’d clicked quite well in that for a while they had both been getting used to life at the growing start-up. Emma was a short, slightly plump woman who had recently hit 30, and had joined just 2 weeks earlier, having flown over from France for the job.

As such, this was her first experience of a party at the company, with her own hiring celebration only scheduled for next week. Rory had been at the company pretty much since the beginning. He was one of the original 3 employees, and was leading one of the company’s 2 design teams, with Emma being on his team. He had red hair and was the same age as Leanne, 28. They were talking about how difficult it was to get decent housing in London, and really what a pain it was at times that their office was so centrally located due to the insane housing prices, but that at least it meant there were good public transport connections. Some people shared an apartment, others commuted from outside the city centre. Vanessa had managed to get a hold of a small studio apartment, about a 40 minute train ride away.

40 minutes by train meant that really she was quite far outside the city, but it had meant that as a recent college graduate she had been able to afford her own living space, which was important to her. Vanessa wasn’t anti-social by any means, but she would definitely classify herself as an introvert, and didn’t much feel like sharing an apartment with other people. She liked having her own space. The topic had come up because Emma had so far been living in an AirBnb, not the cheapest accommodation by any means, and was having difficulty finding a long-term place to live.

She was having to choose between sharing an apartment with upwards of 4 people to get the convenience of having a short commute and being close to the action a major city has to offer, or having her own space but commuting in from further out which depending on where you were based also meant having to worry about when your last bus or train out of the city would be. “Really it depends on what’s most important to you. Would you rather have your own space, or would you rather have a busy life?”, suggested Leanne. She hadn’t quite gotten a read on Emma yet. She seemed sociable but not extremely outgoing, but then again they’d only seen each other at the office. And only for the past 2 weeks, at that. “I don’t know... I suppose it depends on who I’d be sharing an apartment with. Maybe I should go to some viewings for shared apartments and just see what I think of the people.”

“Makes sense,” Rory chipped in. “And if it isn’t for you, it’s not like you’d exactly be stuck there. It might cost you some effort and a bit of money, but you could always move further out at any stage if you feel like it.” James offered “Yeah, you’re still young, too. You just moved to a new country. I feel like you should probably give the London experience a try to see if you like it, before you move further out. You might never even want to move outside the city after that.” James loved London. He hadn’t grown up here. He’d moved over from Scotland, just before Scotland had severed ties with what used to be known as the United Kingdom in order to re-join the European Union.

The night progressed from casual conversation into beer pong. It was Vanessa and Leanne on one team, and James and Emma on the other. Vanessa and Leanne had 3 cups left, but James and Emma were down to their last one. “Almost game over, James. You ready to call quits, yet?”, Leanne teased. “Definitely not. This is all part of the plan. We’ll turn this game around in no time!”, said James while throwing the ball and... missing spectacularly, hitting Vanessa’s leg.

“Ah yes, I see. I look forward to seeing your plan in action.”, Vanessa said, and Leanne laughed. “Your turn.”, said Leanne, handing the ball to Vanessa and shouting “Go, girl! I have faith in you!” Vanessa threw the ball, and it went straight into James and Emma’s final cup. “Whoooooo!”, screamed Leanne, making everyone’s ears ring. “That’s two wins in a day for us! Do we make an awesome team or what?!”, she continued as she hugged Vanessa. “We certainly do,” Vanessa responded. Leanne could get so competitive and excited, but never got mean about it. Vanessa definitely had not imagined when she graduated that her future boss could go between being a total hard-ass and being such a party animal, all in the matter of an hour. She loved her job, she loved her colleagues, and with a few exceptions she loved working for Leanne.

Over the course of the night Vanessa had visited the bathrooms a couple of times, though much less than everyone else. Despite her predicament earlier today, she really did have quite a big bladder and had noticed some time ago that she usually needed to void her bladder quite a bit less often than most people around her. This knowledge also just made what happened to her during the meeting all the more frustrating. Currently, her bladder was quite full, but she didn’t feel much of a strong need to hit the bathrooms. This was helped by the fact that she was really enjoying herself.

“Alright, lads! Taxi’s outside! Go quickly cause I ain’t paying to keep the meter running waiting around for anyone!”, came Rory’s voice, shouting audibly. They promptly took the elevator down, and got into the two taxis that were waiting outside the building. It was 11.30pm, and they had emptied the beer keg about half an hour before. Vanessa wasn’t aware that anyone had called for taxis to take them anywhere, but she was quite content going along.”

“So Rory, where are we headed tonight?”, asked James. “Thought we’d hit this new club that opened recently. It’s not all that central but it’s only about a 10 minute taxi ride.”

“Sounds good.” And they got on their way. It turned out to be a bit longer than 10 minutes, which really they should’ve known. It might’ve been close to midnight, but this was London on a weekday. The ride ended up taking them about 25 minutes, and by this time Vanessa’s buzz had worn off a bit and she had become much more aware of the signals her bladder was sending her. She had had... about 2 litres of beer since her last trip to the bathroom just under 2 hours ago. Yeah, that made sense.

The brief moment standing in the cold outside and getting into the taxi had really made the beer run down to her bladder. Mind, she wasn’t desperate. Need I repeat, she had quite a large bladder. But it had definitely gotten to the point where she did feel quite a strong desire to relieve herself, and she was shaking her legs just slightly. Not because she needed it in order to hold it in, but just because it somehow helped her keep more comfortable. They were queueing outside the club, with about 10 people in front of them but even more behind them, when Emma said “Guys, do you think it’ll be long before we can enter? I kinda really need to pee.”

“It’ll be just a couple more minutes,” Rory said. “But keep in mind that there’ll probably be a queue outside the toilets once you get in.”

“Ok, thanks.”said Emma, and Vanessa noticed that she had her hands balled into tight fists and was standing very tense with her legs pressed together firmly. Vanessa went to stand closer to her and quietly asked her “Are you ok?”

“Yes, I think so. I’ll be fine once I get inside. Besides, I don’t want to exit the queue now. The night would be almost over before I get in.” Vanessa felt bad for Emma, mostly because of her own predicament earlier today. Vanessa had to go too, her bladder starting to feel quite stretched, but it hadn’t reached the point yet where Vanessa felt like she had to pace or fidget or try very hard in order to keep it in.

Finally, they got to the front of the queue. “How many are in your group?” asked the guy at the entrance. “10”, said Rory. “That’ll be 100 quid, please.”, and Rory handed him a £100 note. “This one’s on the company,” said Rory, winking at them. “Could I get your IDs, please?” Everyone handed their identity cards to him. “That all looks to be in order,” he said, handing their cards back to them. “As you may or may not know, this is our opening week. So you’re all getting a free drink. Lager, prosecco, or rum & coke. Let me know what each of you would like please and I’ll go get it from the bar before you go inside.”

By this stage, Emma was looking quite pale and was rocking back and forth on her legs quite visibly. “Putain... please hurry up...”, Vanessa heard Emma curse under her breath. By this stage even Vanessa was starting to get a bit uncomfortable, too, and she was pacing ever so slightly. They all made their orders, and a few minutes later they got their drinks and were allowed in. “Can you please hold my drink for me, I need to go take a piss!” said Emma, holding out her drink to Vanessa, who was a bit shocked at Emma’s directness. “I’d quite like to use the bathroom, too. But I think we might as well take our drinks with us,” Vanessa started saying, pointing her finger. “The line to the bathrooms seems quite long, and we might as well enjoy a drink while we wait. Not like it matters much anyway, once we’ve finished our drinks we’ll be able to go.” Emma groaned, and they went to join yet another queue.

The identity card based “toilet pass” system had solved quite a few problems, and had generally been a huge improvement, especially for the female part of the population. There was one case, however, where the system had decidedly made things worse for everyone. Pub and night club toilets were notorious for being filthy because people leave them in a bad state, so when the toilet pass system had become available for private businesses to use, pub and club owners had jumped at the opportunity. It gave people an incentive to not pee all over the toilet seat, even when they were drunk. No matter how inebriated people were, everyone was quite aware of the consequences if your toielt pass was void, and nobody was keen on it.

That part worked well. What did not work well, however, is that to use the system, toilets had to adhere to some strict guidelines. Toilets had to be gender-neutral, each toilet had to be in its own fully separated space with its own door (no cubicles), and each of these rooms had to be at least somewhat spacious and have its own hand basin. While for public toilets in the city centre, this was amazing, in the club it just meant that toilets took up more space, so there were far fewer of them (generally just 2 or 3!), and while Vanessa had a hard time feeling sympathetic about this one, it also meant that men now had to endure the same queueing times women had had to endure for many years. The club wasn’t full by any means, but it wans’t empty. And this meant, there was quite a line outside the toilets, and it would not be getting any better as the night progressed and more people came.

And so they waited, and waited, and waited, ... by the time they were almost at the front of the line, Vanessa was mildly pacing and wiggling her hips. Emma, on the other hand, was doing a full-on peepee dance. Vanessa didn’t know whether to look away, or whether to try and comfort Emma. Emma was dancing around wildly, crossing and uncrossing her legs, crouching and getting back up, the front of her short red dress pulled up and one of her hands firmly planted on her nether region at all times. Vanessa had obviously let Emma go in front of her, but in front of Emma there were 2 more people. Vanessa thought about asking them if they might allow Emma go skip ahead of them, but the felt embarrassed asking, both for herself as well as for Emma.

Besides, it’s not like they weren’t aware of Emma’s predicament. She was pretty sure most people in the club were, by now. The man and the woman in front of her had shot her glances on a couple of occasions, but neither had extended an offer to let her skip ahead. Emma was sitting on the ground, crouched, and had put her hands to her face. She was sitting remarkably still, and Vanessa could see there was a dark patch on the carpet under her. “Oh, Emma...” Vanessa put her hand on Emma’s shoulder.

Emma looked up at her, tears in her eyes. “I’m so embarrassed...”, said Emma. “It’s ok. Come on, let’s get you cleaned up.” Vanessa had by now finished her free beer, as well as Emma’s rum & coke as she had not dared to add any more fluids to her at the time already overwhelmed bladder, and these drinks too had by now made it it Vanessa’s bladder. She felt truly awful for Emma, but she still hoped Emma wouldn’t take too long getting herself cleaned up as she was looking forward to being able to relieve the pressure that had built up in her bladder herself.

*002*2021-05-06 00:14

Chapter 3: Too Early To Go (Home)

It was 2:30 AM, and the club was closing. They had all had a pretty great night so far, and everyone had had plenty to drink. Emma had been feeling a bit awkward after her incident, and had avoided the rest of the group for a short while. Vanessa, noticing this and knowing why, had bought her a drink, went over to her and asked her whether she was ok. “No... I’m so embarrassed... It’s only my second week at the company and I’m sure everyone’s laughing at me.” said Emma. “Why would they be laughing at you? Do you really think I’d tell them what happened?” Vanessa asked, with a slight laugh. Nobody from their group had seen what had happened, and unless someone found Emma’s underwear in the bathroom’s bin, somehow saw she was no longer wearing any, and managed to put two and two together in their inebriated state, nobody would ever know.“Thank you so much... I was so worried... And I feel like such a child. I can’t believe I... did that.”

“Hey, it’s ok. I had a pretty close call too, recently. You were just unlucky. Those queues were way too long and nobody has any right to judge you for what happened.” Upon this reassurance, Emma spontaneously hugged Emma. Vanessa hugged her back. “Come on, let’s go and dance.” After this, Emma had seemingly felt much better, and everybody had had a great night. Presently however, the club was closing. This meant 2 things; it would be impossible to get a taxi anywhere for the next half hour or so, and massive queues were building up outside the toilets inside the club as well as the nearest public toilet outside.

“The night’s still young! Anyone feel like having a few more drinks over at my place? It’s not big, but a few of us will fit!” came Leanne’s voice. They had just exited the club. “I’m in!”, said James. “Yeah, I’ll go for a few more drinks,” said Jane, who was the company’s entire IT department. “Anyone else?” asked Leanne. “Come on, Vanessa! This celebration is as much yours as it is mine!”

“Honestly, I’d love to. But I live pretty far out and I need to catch my last train.” responded Vanessa, to which Leanne said “You know what, you can stay over at my place, if you want. Will you come have another drink with us?”

“Leanne, don’t you live in a studio apartment?” asked Vanessa. “I do... but I have a double bed, and I trust you to not murder me in my sleep.” Vanessa was a bit wary at the idea of sleeping in the same bed with her boss, but she was also having a great time and wasn’t ready for the night to end yet.

“Ah what the hell, sure let’s go.” said Vanessa, and Leanne cheered “Before some of you go home, I’d just like to tell you all you can have the morning off tomorrow. I don’t expect anyone at the office tomorrow until around 1 in the afternoon. And just to give you all some motivation to conquer the hangover to come, burgers on me for everyone who makes it in to the office by then!” This was met by cheers from most of her colleagues. Did I mention yet Leanne really is quite fun to work for? And with that, Vanessa, Leanne, James and Jane set off, and everyone else went home. “It’s no use trying to get a taxi right now, so everone ok if we just walk? It’s only about 20 minutes.” said Leanne, and nobody objected.

And sure enough, 20 minutes later they arrived at Leanne’s place. The building her flat was in was really quite old, but her apartment looked nice and relatively modern. It was a studio apartment, meaning everyhing was in a single space, with the only doors being the entrance to her apartment and the bathroom. There was a small but functional kitchen and a couch on one side of the room, and a bed and a TV on the other. It was quite small, but there was just enough space for there to be a small table with 4 chairs in the middle of it all, without it being in the way or obscuring the view to the television from the couch. “Have a seat,” Leanne said, immediately opening the fridge and taking out 4 beers.

“I imagine you don’t mind if I use your toilet before we start drinking more?” asked Jane, out of politeness. “Ah yes, how dare you even ask that.” Leanne said jokingly. “Obviously, go ahead.” and she waved to the door next to the one they had just come in through. Jane went to the bathroom, closed the door and... wow, that was loud. This being a studio apartment, there wasn’t a lot of sound insulation between the living space and the bathroom. It basically sounded as if Jane was peeing with the door open. Vanessa quite liked her privacy, but honestly it’s not as if it was going to deter her from using the toilet. They were all waiting to be able to relieve themselves anyway, copious amounts of drink from the club still making its way into each of their bladders. And the walk through the outside cold had not helped. James went in after Jane, and then it was Vanessa’s turn to relieve herself. She hadn’t been needing to go all that badly, but it felt good.

They continued talking and drinking for a bit under 2 hours. It wasn’t a mad party anymore, nobody was dancing, but everyone was having a good time. During this time, everyone had finished several more beers (Leanne had really filled up her fridge with beers beforehand), and trips to the bathroom were very frequent. They were very frequent... except for Leanne, Vanessa noticed. In all this time, she hadn’t gone once, despite drinking just as much (and probably even more) as everyone else. Meh, maybe she has actually gone, but just didn’t notice she had. It’s not like I’m paying attention to it, or anything. she thought, but she also doubted it... people’s streams were very audible and frankly hard to ignore.

“Alright, it’s been great fun, but it’s actually starting to get light outside,” said James, pointing out the window, through which some just the slighest bit of light was starting to come in from the sky outside. “and I should probably head home if I want to make it into the office by 1 for those burgers.” he continued, winking at Leanne. Vanessa checked her phone and saw that it was 5 in the morning. “Yeah, best I probably head home, too.” Jane said, getting up and almost losing her balance. Everone was pretty drunk, by this stage, but nothing crazy had happened, which Vanessa guessed was a good thing considering they were also all still colleagues.

“Before I go, I’m just going to make one more tripto your bathroom.” Jane said, and she went in. “So are you sure you’re ok with me sleeping in your bed?” Vanessa asked, looking at Leanne. Leanne started answering “Of course-”, and suddenly as Jane’s stream hit the water in the toilet her face contorted and she lurched forward just slightly, her left hand balled up tightly in a fist.

“Of course, Vanessa. You’re more than welcome to stay the night.” Leanne succeeded in saying this time. As soon as it had happened, Leanne had regained her composure and there was no longer anything that would indicate something was wrong. “Thanks so much, Leanne. Guess I’ll definitely be on time for those burgers tomorrow.” Vanessa wondered what had just happened. Leanne’s sudden spasm had looked like she had been about to wet herself. Considering Vanessa was quite sure she hadn’t used the bathroom in at the very leats the last 2 and a half hours, this made sense. But why wouldn’t she just use the bathroom? She was at home, after all. The toilet was right there.

After James and Jane had left, Leanne opened her wardrobe and handed Vanessa a pair of pyjamas. “I’m not sure whether you prefer to wear pyjamas or not. It can get quite cold in here during the night though.” and Leanne went into the bathroom with her own pair of pyjamas. Leanne expected to hear a thundering stream hit the toilet bowl, but a minute later Leanne came back out wearing her own pair of pyjamas, evidently without having felt the need to relieve herself. Vanessa went in after her to use the toilet and change into her own pair of pyjamas. When she came out out of the bathroom, Leanne was in her bed and told her “Turn off the lights whenever you’re ready.” Vanessa switched off the lights and got in bed next to her boss. She felt slightly awkward about it, but truth be told she was fairly inebriated by now and didn’t care all that much. She put her head down on the pillow and fell straight asleep.

Vanessa awoke around 11 that morning. She had slept... ok, she guessed. Truth be told, Leanne had woken her up a lot during the night. Not on purpose, but Leanne had moved around a lot, constantly turning around or wiggling into a different position. “How did you sleep?” asked Leanne, who had apparently been awake already and noticing that now Vanessa was, too. “Not amazing, probably due to the amount of drinks we had last night though” she lied. Speaking of drinks, those very drinks were signaling they wanted to get out of her badly. She started getting up and out of politeness asked “How about you? Hope I didn’t keep you awake or anything.”

“Not too great, I’m afraid. I found it hard to get comfortable. Not your fault, though. As you said, it’s probably the amount of drinks we had last night.” Vanessa went into the bathroom. The second she had closed the door, she plopped down onto the toilet and allowed herself to relax. However horrible it felt to be holding a full bladder, the feeling of emptying said bladder was utter bliss. Right now, she was in heaven, and she let out an almost inaudlble moan as what felt like at least 3 of last night’s beer came gushing out of her.

She exited the bathroom and Leanne told her “If you want breakfast, there’s cereals, bread and spreads in that cupboard if you want any.”

“Thanks, but I’ll wait for the burgers, I think. Do you mind if I use your shower?” she asked. “Go right ahead.”

“Would you like to use the bathroom first?”

“No thanks, I’m good.” Leanne said, and Vanessa remembered that she hadn’t seen Leanne go to the bathroom since they exited the club 9 hours prior. With the amount of drinks they had all had, there was just no way... Leanne didn’t know whether to be impressed or worried. But she decided it would be uncomfortable to ask, and Leanne was still her boss at work, so she headed into the shower.

When Vanessa got out of the shower, it was 11:30. Leanne was in the kitchen, putting a slice of bread into the toaster. She looked very tense, however. “You sure you don’t want any breakfast?” Leanne asked. “No thanks, could I take a glass of water though? Just tap water’s fine.”

“Sure, glasses are in that cupboard.” Leanne said, pointing at a cupboard above the sink. “So how’s your head today?” Vanessa asked. Truth be told her head wasn’t feeling amazing when she got up, but the shower had helped a lot. “I’m pretty ok, actually. Just tired is all.” resplied Leanne. Vanessa held a glass under the tap and, still looking at Leanne, opened the tap. The moment water started coming out the the tap, Leanne bent over, her hands on her legs, breathing heavily, face contorted heavily. It was like she had been hit with a whip. Vanessa turned off the tap and put down the only half-full glass she was holding. “Are you ok?” asked Vanessa, slightly shocked. “I’m fine. Don’t mind me.” Vanessa noticed Leanne had her legs pressed tightly together. “Leanne... do you need to use the bathroom?”

“No-” Leanne started, and she stopped herself. “Yes. I do. I really do.” she said, looking up at Vanessa, and Vanessa was shocked to see tears in Leanne’s eyes. “Then why don’t you just go?” Vanessa asked, puzzled. “I’m sure you’ve noticed there’s almost no sound insulation. I can’t relieve myself when everone can hear me, it’s impolite!” Vanessa was startled. “Leanne... what are you worrying about? It’s your home! We all used the bathroom plenty of times yesterday. We know it’s quite... audible. But so what? It’s not as if you can hold it in indefinitely anway.”

“I figured I could hold it in until we got into the office... or maybe at least until the nearest public toilet. But it hurts so much...” Leanne was still breathing heavily. “So... are you going to continue holding it?” Vanessa was feeling a bit awkward. She couldn’t belueve Leanne had actually been holding it in for all this time, and was still doing so! And it was hurting her, badly by the looks of it!

“I...” Leanne stammered, and she went into the bathroom, still bent over and only taking small, quick steps. Leanne closed the bathroom door and a few seconds later Vanessa heard... a trickle. Only a trickle?! Her stream picked up steam, however, and a few seconds later the thunderous roar of water hitting the toilet bowl at high velocity echoed through the door. Holy shit. This thunderous roar went on for a solid minute, before subsiding to a more normal stream and finally stopping entirely after just under 2 minutes total. Vanessa was in awe, as well as worried for Leanne health. Some part of her was also... jeaulous? How it must feel. part of her thought. However, she did not envy the amount of pain Leanne must have been in just minutes before.

About a minute or so later, Leanne came out of the bathroom and said “That was impolite of me. I should have kept my composure, and I’m sorry.” She sounded so business-like. “Leanne, oh my goodness. Are you kidding me? Were you actually holding it since we left the club?”

“Yes...” Leanne replied, looking slightly embarassed. “Even though you were in pain, you kept hiding that you had to go at all?” Vanessa asked, incredulously. “Well yes, I’m a grown woman. I should be able to control my bladder. It was impolite as well as unprofessional to show my discomfort to you.” Vanessa didn’t know what to say. “I know this is probably uncomfortable or even out of line, but... holy shit, Leanne. I don’t know about unprofessional or impolite, but I.... I’m amazed. But also, you’re crazy.” Leanne smiled, and said “All the best people are.” It was clear neither of them knew what to say, and it was making them both uncomfortable. So even though there were so many things she wanted to ask, Vanessa put it aside and said “So, shall we head into the office?”

“Sure, let’s go.”

