Pee holding camp (side Stories)

Author: Joey1234

*000*2020-02-05 22:26

This is a continuation of my other series pee holding camp but this time it will feature other girls apart from the five in the original hope you enjoy

Part 1

It had only been a week before she was set to leave that Molly had found out she would be attending something called pee holding camp in truth she was a little surprised when she got the news from her mother that she would be sent here. Secretly she was skeptical about how a camp could teach her how to hold her pee but at this point she was willing to try anything as she had spent years trying every technique she could find from the internet and nothing was working as far as she could tell and nothing had worked and at this point she was getting tired of how often she was desperate to pee.

Her thoughts were interrupted by a "hello" from behind her. She turned around to see her long time friend Jessica standing there. The two greeted each other as they waited for the bus to arrive to pick up them and the other girls, including Molly and Jessica they're were 50 girls all together. The one thing that made Molly and Jessica such good friends is that they both had weak bladders infact the only reason they met so soon is that they both wet themselves in the same toilet line at school and they had been best friends ever since, now neither of them had an accident in a while but there have been plenty of close calls for the both of them, but all that would be over soon as not soon after the two buses had arrived to pick up the girls.

When the girls saw the buses they noticed that they had the capacity to fit a lot more than 50 girls all together Molly figured that this was just a small year for the camp and that they usually had more girls attending. A representitive from the camp stepped out of the bus and told the gathering of girls that the buses were to be filled up as equally as possible and then told the girls to fill the buses. Luckily Molly was allowed to be on the same bus as Jessica and as they waited to board Molly looked over to the other bus and saw a slightly chubby blonde girl waiting to board the bus, the strange thing was she looked like she had to pee as she was bouncing on the spot quite a bitas she waited to get on the bus.

What Molly had only now realised is that she she herself could do with relieving herself aswell. This made Molly worry a little as she knew that the camp that they were going to was a fair distance away from where they were right now and as she knew far too well her bladder wasnt the strongest. Molly tried to dismiss the thought ofher bladder as she boarded the bus with Jessica but she knew that she couldnt put it off forever.

Molly and Jessica were seated in the middle of the bus with all other seats around them filled with other girls. Molly also noticed that there was a second camp employee on the bus that they were on that was not present when they were told to board the buses. Before the buses set off the camp employee stood up to address the girls, now that Molly could get a good look at her she could see that she was a woman who looked to be in her late twenties and was dressed in typical councellor clothing. Sge started by explaining the rules of the bus which were pretty standard, she also stated that there would be a bathroom break halfway through the trip if neccesaryand after that there would be no stopping till camp. After that the buses set off for their destination and Molly spent most of the first half of the trip chatting with Jessica and staring out the window.

Whilst Molly was sitting on the bus she could feel the need in her bladder growing bigger by the minute infact she had started shifting around in her seat only ten minutes into the journey gladly no one else on the bus noticed apart from Jessica who was used to learning that she had to pee. Neverless that did not help the fact that sooner or later her bladder was going to need emptied and she prayed she could hold it till the break point. Whilst Molly was focusing on her bladder Jessica was giving her words of support which eventually just turned into a casual conversation

Jessica eventually just asked her how she was holding up to which Molly responded with not good which was as true as ever as sshe could feel her urine pushing at her urethra trying to escape her full bladder with only her strenght keeping it in. Jessica then whispered that she shouldnt worry as she said that there were surely other girls who had to pee aswell. Molly agreed with this thinking back to the blonde girl from before they got on the bus but that didnt help her and Jessica knew this so she then whispered "Look if youre not going to make it I've brought some super absorbent pads that you could use just in case."

Molly wasn't even going to ask why she brought those but she was still confident in her own holding ability to refuse one at the moment besides how could she apply it in the middle of a crowded bus it'd be indecent she decided she would hold it till the break granted she wasnt sure if she could make it as it was still 45 minutes away and she was at the point where she had a hand dug in her crotch but she at least had to try. Suddenly without warning the bus hit a pothole which caused a jolt in her bladder, Molly squealed as she felt a dribble of pee escape her holding muscles as she tried to regain control over her bladder which she was luckliy able to do. As Molly breathed heavily over the shoch she looked over to the side and noticed something it was one of the other girls, two of them actually and both looked to be in the exact same circumstance she was both which there hands in their crotches desperately waiting for the break.

End of part 1

*001*2020-02-06 15:39

Part 2

As the bus continued on down the road many of the girls on board Molly included prayed that they would reach the break area soon as she squeezed her holding muscles to try and hold on just that little bit longer. Molly could feel the wetness on her underwear from when she had leaked it was cold now but that only made it harder for her to hold on whilst she prayed the bus would be stopping soon.

Finally the camp employee stood up and announced that the bus would be stopping soon and asked the girls to raise their hand if they needed a break. Molly quickly shot her hand up as her other clung to her crotch, all together about 15 of the 25 girls raised their hands claiming they needed a break and the employee then announced that they would be stopping in the next five minutes. This gave Molly more courage to hold on and put all her power into not peeing herself as she increased the grip on her crotch ten fold whilst Jessica encouraged her from the side line.

Soon the bus finally pulled up to the rest stop as the first bus continued on its way Molly guessed that no one had to pee on that bus. The employee got up and stated that since the bathroom only had three stalls that they would be allowed to go three at a time. Molly's heart sunk at this news as she was quite far back on the bus and would certainly be one of the later ones to be allowed to go. Molly quickly unfastened her seatbelt to release the pressure on her bladder and waited in agony as the employee allowed the first three girls to go as she waited, her bladder in agony. The first three girls arrived back all at the same time and the next three were allowed to go in, slowly this continued as groups of three went in and out of the bathroom . Until the employee announced that Molly and two other girls were allowed to go. Molly quickly darted out the bus as Jessica stayed behind as she did not have to pee.

The three girls burst into the bathroom and the first two girls ran into the nearest stalls, Molly was about to dash into the furthest but she was stopped by an out of order sign on the door. Molly nearly cried at this sign as her already tired bladder had to wait even longer and listening to the other two girls loudly releieving themselves next to her wasnt helping. Molly stood inbetween the two stalls as she clung on for dear life as her bladder throbbed and urine pushed against her urethra.

When it seemed all hope was lost one of the stall doors opened and the girl inside walked out. The sight of the toilet coupled with the fact that her bladder was in agony made Molly start peeing straight away as a small stream started trickling out of her. Luckily this had happened before so she was able to quickly run inside the stall lock it and get her leggings and panties down before any real damage was done. The relief was instantanepus as her pee sprayed out of her full force into the toilet bowl it felt like a huge weight had been lifted off of her and she loved that feeling. Whilst she peed she took a look at her damp underwear, she came to the conclusion that they would need changed.

When Molly exited the stall she noticed a small trail of urine leading to the stall next to hers and she could hear a girl loudly urinating in that same stall. Molly then went back to the bus to see a small puddle in the seat across from hers, guess she couldnt make it. Molly sat down next to Jessica who asked her if she was okay which she said yes to. But in truth her holding muscles still felt weak from her holding and she would probably need to go again when they got to camp but she dismissed this and took her seat.

End of part 2

*002*2020-03-22 00:16

Part 3

It was around 9:30 am when Meghan and her group were woken up by the sound of banging on their cabin door. All 5 of the girls in the cabin arose from their bed to find it was their group counceller telling them to get up shower and get ready for breakfast. All 5 of the girls quickly grabbed a change of clothes and exited their cabin for the for the shower block. When the girls arrived they saw that they were not the first group to arrive their as their was a huge queue outside of both the showers and the toilets. One of her cabinmates who's name was Molly quickly rushed into the bathroom line along withe the other 4 members of her group, in truth Meghan had to go too but there was no way she was waiting in that line, in any other scenario she would've just peed in the shower but due to the line for the shower not being any smaller that wasnt really an option.

Meghan doubled over as her bladder sent signals saying that it needed emptying, in truth she hadnt went for over 12 hours so that probably had something to do with her rather intense need. Meghan decided that she didnt want to risk having an accident infront of everyone by waiting in the very long line she would find somewhere else to pee. In any other circumstance she would just run to the cabin toilets but thanks to god only knows what they're currently out of order. She thought about going behind the toilet block but she then noticed that the line went around the toilet so she would certainly be noticed. She then decided that the best place to go would probably be the bushes behind the cabins since everyone was either at the shower or the toilets no one would be there.

She quickly headed back the way she came and quickly found a bushy area where she could relieve herself privately. She rushed behind the bush expecting to find no one there only to be shocked when she got behind the bush to see two other campers with their backs to each other who were both in a squatting position and were both peeing. Meghan was shocked and the girl who saw her first tried to stop her stream but could only do so for a few seconds before it continued flowing out her pee hole, the other girl however didnt even attemp to stop peeing and just kept on peeing whilst Meghan stood their watching. The girls eventually finished and stood up after pulling thier pants and leggings up. The girl who saw Meghan first looked really embarassed and said to her "Im sorry you had to see that its just that we were bursting and the line was really long and we didnt think anyone would show up". Megahan eventually cut her off saying it was okay and that she was here to pee too.

The girls didnt look surprised by this and then headed back to the showers. Now that they were gone Meghan could get back to business she quickly lowered her leggings and panties to knee height and got into a squatting position before finally letting all her bladder contents escape her. She let out a small sigh as her liquids escaped her pee hole, at first it was only a trickle but soon it turned into a small stream as flew from her pee hole and splatterd onto the grass below and added to the puddle of the two other girls. As Meghan remained in the squat she noticed how much she was peeing as it had already been 30 seconds and her pee was still going strong, she was glad she chose to come here as she probably would'nt have made it if she had chose to wait in the line at the toilets. After she had been there for 45 seconds her pee cut off and after wiping herself with some tissues she had brought she quickly headed back to the showers.

When she got back to the showers she could see that her group had only now just made it into the toilets and still had to wait which made her even more glad she had just went behind a bush. She then headed into the shower block which had a much smaller line in it now so she didnt have to wait long to get in. By the time Meghan was showered and dressed she could still hear the other showers running and as she exited the shower stall she saw her cabinmate Veronica waiting in line for someone to get out the shower. Veronica asked her where she went as she saw her run off back to the cabin earlier which took her by surprise as she thought no one had saw her, she quickly responded by saying that she forgot something and then said she'd her and the rest of the group in the mess hall.

When Megahan got in the mess hall her cabinmate Molly was right behind her and since the two were so close by they walked in and got their food together. After the girls got their food they took a seat at a table and were soon joined joined by their other cabinmates Veronica in her regular emo getup, Nikole who was cheery as ever and Amy. Whilst the girls ate lunch they spoke about what their challenge for the day would be as they were told they would be getting one. "I hope I dont end up wetting my pants again" Molly said as she flashed back to the previous holding challenge they did on the first day in which she wet herself outside the toilet while waiting for the other three to finish peeing.

"At least you made it to the end of the timer " Veronica replied . Nikole then chimed in with "At least you tried to wait for a stall unlike Veronica here". Veronica snickered as she said this and said "At least I made it" as she remembered how she just decided to pee in the sink while the stalls were occupied. In truth that the not the first time Veronica had peed in the sink, she thought back to when she was really young, since the toilet her year group at school used had 5 sinks and only two stalls, for some reason, the girls just decided to start peeing in the sink if they were bursting or felt like they werent gonna make it and somehow the teachers never found out about it and if what her little sister back home says is true people still do it to this day.

When the girls had finshed breakfast they exited the mess hall to meet their counceller Angela who was waiting for them at the entrance to the forest nesr camp. When the girls arrived Angela greeted them kindly and then told them to drink 3 500ml bottles of water each, as was to be expected they were trying to learn how to hold their pee after all. Once the water had been downed Angela explained the challenge to them. She said that out in the forest was a toilet block that they were to find and when they did find it they would be allowed to go pee. Angela then stated that the water that they had drank was spiked with a dieturic to make the challenge harder. She handed out some other items one of which was a map which would lead them to the toilet which Molly took and the other thing was wristbands which Angela said would be used to tell if they had cheated and peed on the path. With everyhting the girls needed in their possesion the girls headed on their way.

After about 15 minutes of walking the girls were startingto feel the effect of the dieturic on their bladders as they were all making visual signs in the way they were walking that they needed to pee as they were all trying to keep their legs together and Veronica even had one handin her crotch. All 5 of the girls were making contributions to the navigation as they trudged down the path bladders needing to be emptied.

About 15 minutes later the girls stopped for a minute to look at the map when they reached fork in the road, this annoyed Veronica who was doubled over the entire time they stopped and after some talking they picked a direction to go in which seemed like the right way to go. Eventually all 5 of the girls were really feeling the effect of the dieturic as they were all slightly hunched over as they tried to keep the pee confined to thier bladder until they reached the bathroom. Veronica was currently holding up the worst at the moment as she could feel her pee pushing against her urethra as it sloshed around inside of her, she prayed that they would reach the toilet soon. Veronica then called out to Molly and asked if they were nearly there to which she replied that they would be there in about 15 to 25 minutes. Veronica wasnt sure she could make it that long but it made her feel a little better knowing that everyone was in the same boat as her.

Eventually Veronica bladder temporarily gave in and a small leak escaped her aching pee hole and dampened her black panties. Veronica Squealed as she tried to hold the rest of her pee in whilst at the same time having to keep up with everyone as her pee hole ached from having to cut her stream off. Amy then looked back and noticed the state that Veronica was in and whilst she realised that she wasnt any better she needed some comforting.

Amy was walking side by side with Veronica as they both prayed they'd reach the bathroom soon as they had no idea how long they could hold it they could feel the pee at the edge of their pee holes as they tried to hold on that little bit longer, their bladders burned with the pressure and the sheer amount of urine they were holding. Eventually they heard the words that they had been waiting for all day, Molly who was in front told them that they she could see the toilet in the distance. The other 4 girls shot their heads up to see the toilet in the distance. As soon as they were sure it was it all 5 of them ran as fast as they could towards the toilet with Molly up in front Meghan second,Nikole just behind her and Amy and Veronica running side by side.

When the girls arrived they burst into the toilet to see that it had five stalls. All of the girls ran in with Veronica taking the one closest to the door. When she had the door shut and locked Veronica turned round expecting to see a traditonal toilet only to see it was nothing more than a hole in the ground, she didnt care though she quickly threw her shorts and panties down and quickly squatted below the toilet and as soon as she was in the right position her pee violently exited out of her pee hole as she let out a large sigh of relief while the other 4 girls did the same.

When Veronica calmed down she looked down to see her pee exiting her body faster than she had ever seen it do before, infact she was pretty proud of herself for holding this much pee. Eventually the first of the 5 girls exited the stall, Veronica was pretty sure it was Amy as the door that opened was definitely closest to her. One by one the girls exited the stall with Veronica being the last to exit after her pee cut off after well over a minute. Veronica soon exited the stall. Only to see Angela standing outside with a jeep next to her. She greeted the girls and then said something which shook them to the core. What she said was "Are you ready for youre next challenge?"

To be continued.

*004*2020-05-04 21:52

Hey a quick update to anyone who still follows this I just wanted people to know that I am officially done with this series and will no longer be adding parts to the threads I just dont know what to do with this series anymore and have decided to do something new if anyone else wants to take over this series you're completely free, to I've just completely run out of ideas for this series

