Fantasy Gender Role Reversal

Author: Jimmy Olsen

*000*2026-01-20 12:27

In a distant land in a distant year a green dragon flew through the blue sky carrying something with all the colors of the rainbow. The prize in her talons was a human of marriageable age dressed to the feminine ideal of this time and place. She was beaming with pride when she showed the nice catch to her brother and his mate but her face fell at their reaction.

"You soft-headed hatchling!" the man of the cave shouted. "It's a drake's job to kidnap a princess. A dragoness isn't supposed to kidnap anything."

"Except a reluctant drake," his blue-scaled wife corrected. Some of his green skin turned red at the reference to their courtship.

"This is a male princess," the green dragoness protested.

"There's nothing male about it," the blue dragoness remarked as she burst into laughter.

"Just look at it you fool!" the green drake yelled.

"He wasn't dressed when I carried him off but I found some very nice outfits that fit him perfectly."

The drake roared and rumbled in annoyance while his mate continued laughing. "Males aren't supposed to wear those clothes," she told her sister in law once she caught her breath.

"Why not? I want him to look sparkly and colorful like valuable loot. Because that's what he is. I've been watching the creatures that scurry around the castle and this one's truly precious. When I snatched him out of his bedroom I was burning up inside with excitement just like when I open a treasure chest for the first time."

The topic moved from the clothing to the body itself. "This soft slender thing looks nothing like the angular muscular beings that attempt to slay dragons and rescue princesses," the drake said. "You've captured a female."

The other dragoness observed that the captive was fidgeting and shifting its weight to and fro. "Why can't it stand still? Is this what humans do when they're afraid?"

"His bladder's full and he's too bashful to empty it," the captor explained. "Go ahead, my dear. Use the hole over there. Your mistress commands it." She smiled wide and showed her many sharp teeth.

The golden-haired youth reluctantly crouched above a crack in the stone with the dress spread wide. Soon a liquid noise was echoing through the cavern.

"That's not how a male does it," sighed the green drake. By this time he was feeling more disappointed than angry with his sister.

"She had a lot inside her," mumbled the blue dragoness.

The green dragoness was annoyed by her prize's modesty. She carefully grabbed the hem of the dress between her tiniest claws and lifted it up. "See?"

The prince's pinkish face was getting redder all the time. He wanted to hide his shame but couldn't even slow his stream.

"You were right!" the drake exclaimed in surprise.

"Who would've thought such a dainty creature would have such robust genitalia?" his wife whispered.

Back at the green dragoness' cave the unfortunate young man tried to change into his nightclothes but found them badly torn from last night's struggle. It seemed he would have to sleep in a petticoat tonight. An entire wall of the makeshift dungeon was a mirror so he couldn't avoid noticing that he did indeed resemble a woman.

Whatever hero rescued this damsel was in for a big surprise.

*001*2026-01-21 12:35

The readers can probably guess what's coming next.

On a well-worn road in a rugged rocky landscape, overlooked by a small monastery, there stood an even smaller outpost. At this post a solitary figure, a battle-scarred old man with an honorable title, stood guard. At this mountain pass lay the boundary between the civilized kingdom and the wild territory in which monsters roamed.

A princess had been spotted in the clutches of a dragon. As expected, many men were using this opportunity to try their hand at heroism. It was this knight's job to offer guidance and supplies if needed, and to discourage anyone clearly unfit. He'd been told to watch out for one character in particular who might be passing through here, a viscount's daughter who fancied herself a fighter.

The veteran knight's remaining eye spotted a rider in light armor headed up the path, and the way they handled the horse made him suspicious. The riding style was more like that of idle nobility trained in the equestrian arts than the horsemanship of battle-ready knights. This might be the sick-headed girl he'd been warned about.

While still rather distant the horse halted and the rider dismounted to take care of a brief necessity. The figure stood facing the crag at a pace's distance, and their hands manipulated something below the belt. A strong jet of liquid struck the rockface and cascaded downward. This was obviously a boy if not a man.

Soon they'd made their way up to the outpost. The cavalier seemed a sturdy-looking fellow. The armor and equipment weren't the best money could buy, but both horse and rider looked well-bred, and they carried themselves proudly. Under the helmet was a dust-stained face locked in an expression of humorless determination. The young warrior nodded to the old veteran who saw no reason to break the cavalier's stride.

"Godspeed!" the old knight said as the figure rode by. Little did he know a certain young noblewoman had mastered the art of upright urination.

The maiden was ready to rescue a maiden and battle a dragon. She had the muscles and gear for the task but no formal training. She believed that would change once news of her heroic act spread across the land and the chivalric orders were forced to admit women. She would prove to the kingdom and herself that her fascination with knighthood wasn't foolish or mad.

Whatever damsel this hero rescued was in for a big surprise.

*003*2026-02-13 02:48

{{On 1/22/2026 at 3:27 PM, kawaiidl said:

This is great. Can't wait for more!

}}

Thanks, but I don't know where to take the story once they meet.

