Kevin Part 1

Author: johnah

*000*2018-12-24 17:29

Other first part of a story I wrote for the Experience Project:

Donald Tasker shifted round in his chair slightly and turned his gaze away from the judge who was speaking to the jury as part of his summing up before sentencing and looked towards the accused.

Kevin Sharp was thin weasly looking 18 year old wearing his well used court suit. From the fact that the jacket and trousers were now fitting very snugly, he could only assume that the clothes had been purchased for a court appearance much earlier in Kevin's burgulary career.

As Donald watched he noticed that Kevin appeared to be very nervous. It was understandable owing to the fact that the lad was possibly only minutes away from a prison sentence but the occasional facial ticks and slight body movements made Donald wonder if Kevin needed to wee? Donld was snapped out of his train of thought as the judge told the accused to stand. The gap between the brass handrail and the wooden panel gave Donald a perfect view of Kevins hands crossed in front of his crotch. The trousers were way too tight and so worn that the outline of the lads briefs could be clearly made out and as Kevin unclasped his hands and re-clasped them behind his back, the court was treated to a snug little crotch bulge.

"Kevin Sharp. You have been found guilty of the crimes of breaking and entering and attempted burgulary. Even at this relatively young age you are well on your way to becoming a career criminal. The previous terms in young offenders institutions seem to have had little effect on changing your behaviour. As you are eighteen and as such can be treated as an adult are eligible to serve a prison sentence"

Kevin brought his hands back in front and as Donald watched closely, the lad pressed his clasped hands firmly into his crotch. Oh lovely, he suffers from a nervous bladder. This is going to be too nice! thought Donald,

"A crime like this is subject to a minimum prison term of 12 months with no early release, but thanks to an unprecedented appeal for leniancy from your victim, I have decided to give you one last chance to turn away from this life of crime. You are hereby sentenced to 6 months community service subject to special license 6 subsection 3"

Donald watched as Kevin breathed a huge sigh of relief as he heard the judgement being passed down and knew that he was yet to find out what the special conditions the judge had imposed.

Judge Callum MaCleod and Donald had been friends since schooldays. They had gone on to university together after which their paths had separated for a number of years when Callum went to work in chambers and took the bar.

As schoolboys and students the pair were very close friends, however, it wasn't just friendship that bound them together. Donald and Callum recognised a sadistic streak in each other and divulged their secret desires to each other, most of which centred around the punishment of young men. Callums prowess as a sportsman saw him captain the school rugby team and he used this limited power to intimidate and torture several of the young men in the team during training and as part of the initiation ceremonies of new recruits.

Donald on the other hand was no keen sportsman but found his way to become the leader of the schools' scouting troup. Both young men commanded their charges very strictly and were each fond of dishing out spanking punishments in front of the other lads and sometimes in private. The these 'private' punishment sessions often saw the other in attendance, sometimes to watch and often to take part in administering the punishment. It was on one of these joint sessions when Donald learned how sadistic Callum could be.

Donald walked down the corridor to the male changing rooms. There were two members of the rugby team, still in their kit standing outside the doors. Both appeared to be very aggitated and the scrape of the studs on their boots echoed down the corridor as they shifted from one foot to the other. One of the lads was saying something to the other but stopped abruptly when they saw Donald approach. When Donald entered the changing room he was met with a grinning Callum "did you see my two water babies?" the penny dropped with Donald and he understood why the lads were fidgetting so much. "Oh I see. They need to piss" replied Donald. "Like crazy my friend. I have had them both out there waiting for half an hour so they should both be just about ready to wet their shorts"

Callum explained that he encouraged all of the players to keep well hydrated and he made them all drink a litre bottle of water before the start of each half so, even with all the sweating, there was a rush for the urinals at half time and even more so at the end of the match. On this particular day he had pulled the two lads straight out into the corridor before they had had a chance to relieve themselves and told them to wait. All of the other players had gone home leaving the two writhing lads to wait for their spanking with bladders about to burst.

"There's no way they will be able to hold it for the duration of their spanking even if they don't piss themselves first" Callum said gleefully. He picked up the old pimsol and gave it a firm wack across his hand. "You can bring them in now"

The two lads shuffled into the changing room followed by Donald. Peter, the taller and braver of the pair headed straight for the gap in the wall through which the showers and toilets could be found, but before he could pass through the gap, his way was barred by the grinning Callum. "I don't think so Pedro. You are here for your punishment". Peter looked shocked and "you've had us waiting out there for hours, I'm busting!". The grin disappeared from Callum's face as he spun the lad around and pushed him back towards the lockers where his team mate Andrew appeared to be in a state of complete desperation.

Andrew had the long sleeves of his jersey pulled right down over each hand like it was a frosty morning on the pitch or something and was cupping his crotch tightly and shifting his weight from one foot to the other. Peter, who was holding it together slightly better joined Andrew by the lockers.

Donald proceeded to watch with some admiration and growing anticipation as Callum proceeded to give the lads a protracted lecture about their joint crime which involved getting drunk and rowdy in the village after their recent away game and reports of them being spotted urinating against the wall of St Joseph's church hall.

Callum savoured reminding them just how many pints of beer they had consumed that night and, of their inability to control their bladders so that they may relive themselves in an appropriate place.

As Callum moved on to reminding the lads of their responsibilities to both the college and their team mates, Donald focused his attention on the two miscreants. Peter was by now bobbing up and down and crossing his legs like a desperate 5 year old but the best show was being given by Andrew who was alternating between rubbing his hands on his thighs and squeezing the crotch of his muddy white rugby shorts. Donald thought it was about the fifth time that Callum had manged to work the word 'urinate' into his lecture that poor Andrew's bladder gave up the fight and with a gasp the lad clutched at himself with both hands as his shorts glistened and bloomed momentarily as the thick cotton tried to soak up the flow before the rivulets of hot pee spurted through this grasping fingers and splattered onto the tiled floor. With a half smile of triumph Callum looked to Donald as he slapped the plimsol against his other hand with a loud crack.

That had been a good 40 odd years ago and the pair had gone their separate ways to pursue their careers. Donald making a good name for himself as a broker for a good city firm and Callum becoming one of the youngest judges ever to sit at the Old Bailey. After the stress of one Black Friday too many, Donald had taken an early retirement package in the early 2000's and had settled back in Hereford to turn his antique collecting hobby into a business. His picturesque timber framed shop in the old part of the city soon becoming popular with tourists and locals alike.

Callum, who had been persuaded to scale down his high court work after his name, and more to the point, job title were fleetingly mentioned in a number of newspaper articles which primarily were aimed at taking down a particularly sleazy member of the conservative government but in Callum's opinion caused lots of 'collateral' damage. He now acted as a circuit judge and it was whilst on a day off from a dreary corporate mis selling trial at the Hereford city court that he wandered into Donald's shop and saw the old friends reunited.

*003*2018-12-26 09:14

Part 2

The Garfield hotel's name belied its appearance. The gray rendered pub stood alone on a big plot when it's close neighbours, 'shellys cut and blow' and the Blockbuster video shop had been bullied out of existence by two branches of Tony & Guy and Netflix. Not only were the shutters down, but the roof and walls got depressed and followed suit. The Garfield now occupied a rubble strewn plot, the left hand half of which the landlord had commandeered and scattered a few barrels around to create what he, in all seriousness, referred to as the beer garden.

Kevin waited by the bar as Nicole pulled the last of the pints transfixed at the way the muscles in her bare left arm flexed as she pulled down on the pump handle. As he gingerly stepped over the threadbare carpet holding the three pints towards the table where his two 'bezzie mates, ' Michael 'cozzie' Cosgrove and Terry 'animal' Orwell sat. Cozzies nickname obviously from his surname and Terry's in a bizarre and rare literary reference to George Orwells Animal Farm..go figure.

Animal picked up his lager, inspected the overly generous head before blowing the froth, a good deal of which landed in Kevin's lap. "Tosser!" Kevin said as he wiped the foam down the leg of his grey jogging bottoms and lifted his pint. "Here's to freedom". Cozzie chimed in " to some soft arsed antique dealing fairy more like". Animal downed half his pint in one go wiping his mouth on the sleeve of his leather jacket "I don't get why the judge set you to working off yer community service for the bloke you robbed?".

"It's all this new apologising to the victim s**t" sneered Kevin "still, I'll be working in his shop so if nothing else, I'll have well cased for next time!". Cozzie gestured for Kevin to drain his glass but Kevin put his hand over the top "nah", "what's up wi you? You going soft?" Asked the bemused Cozzie. "I have to be there at 8.30 on the dot" said Kevin. Animal passed his glass to Cozzie "or else what?".

"Else they can have inside if i so much as step out a line. That judge told me. Donald f**ing Tasker owns my arse for the next 18 weeks and he's got to report to the court every week. I can't put a foot wrong. Really".

"Think I'd have asked for prison myself instead of being a bitch to some old fruit" Cozzie said as he walked towards the bar. Kevin slung his jacket over his shoulder and headed towards the door "see ya at the weekend". Animal sneered "run along now Keira. You don't want to be late for your uncle Donald!"

Donald has spent the few days since the trial wondering just how much work he was going to get out of Kevin. The cellar and two spare bedrooms were stacked to the gunnels with house clearance junk and maybe the odd pearl. He could certainly use a willing pair of hands. Donald had also thought long and hard about how he was going to persuade the surly and presumably work shy youth to comply. Donald had certainly had plenty of experience in controlling unruly and unwilling lads. He knew that he would need to take control of the situation from the very first moment and let Kevin know that he was the alpha male, the leader of the pack. There was something else gnawing away at the 59 year old antique dealer. Why had he gone out of his way to persuade Callum to collude with this unconventional and not quite legally correct sentence?

He had talked it over with Callum a few nights previously in Callum's hotel suite. "You want to see the little b**d punished. That's why!" Callum passed Donald his refilled whiskey tumbler "not a 6 month break in travel lodge cum open prison, but some real" the red faced judge paused and took a swallow of 20 year old malt "correction". Donald winced at the word. Even though his old friend was well aware of his penchant for corporal punishment, hearing his thoughts spoken back to him made him redden at the ears. Once the idea was on the table, as the drinks flowed the pair regressed right back to the nasty scheming younger selves and a plan was hatched whereby poor Kevin Sharp was going to be set up to fail.

Kevin was up in plenty of time to shower and dig out a clean tee shirt and some not quite as clean jeans. He even brushed his hair in a half hearted attempt to smarten up for his first day at the shop. Even with his arrogance, Kevin couldn't shift the fluttering feeling in his stomache at the thought of being confronted by one of his victims. He glanced around the unkempt bed sit which was becoming more unkempt by the day since his girlfriend had moved out the shortly after his last arrest. Her parting words "my mother told me that your family were all losers and now you've proved her f**g right!" Still smarted. Kevin checked that he had the key in his bomber jacket pocket and pulled the door closed.

The shop was two bus rides away in the leafy and monied old town. The designer bus shelter offered no protection from the elements and the icy November wind carried fine droplets of rain that stung his cheeks. He was glad when the bus arrived and went straight to the back seat to get the comforting slightly diesel smelling warmth from the heater. It was just gone half seven. 'I haven't been up at this time since school' thought Kevin as he rested his forehead against the steamed up window.

Kevin's forehead smacked off the window jolting him awake. A shout came from the cyclist who the bus driver had almost killed as he pulled out from the last stop before the bus station "Arsehole!" Kevin forgot where he was for a moment then he remembered when he got that familiar feeling back in his stomache and as he sat up straight he also realised that he needed to pee. 'Probably nerves' but he made a note to pop into the gents at the station.

The double decker lurched into bus station and pulled into the stand at the far end of the concourse. Kevin watched with the driver as a pale looking girl struggled off the bus with a folded pushchair and an unimpressed looking toddler. As she blocked everyone's exit while she assembled the buggy, Kevin noticed the no 6 bus two stands down which was the bus he needed. He managed to get past the buggy and checked his watch as he walked towards the bus. Just gone five past. Plenty of time. He headed off towards the toilets which were halfway down the concourse next to WH Smith.

As he was passing the no 6 started up its engine. Kevin walked up to the open front doors "what time you leaving?" Without looking up from his paper the driver replied "now". Kevin glanced towards the concourse "what times the next one?". This time the driver actually raised his head. Not to look at Kevin, but to check the monitor to see what the school kids upstairs were doing "every 20 minutes". Shit! That would make him late. The driver finally deigned to look at Kevin. "You a bus spotter or are you actually getting on?" Kevin got on and flung his handful of coins into the slot "quay street".

As he got off the bus at the start of quay street, Kevin still had 5 or 6 minutes before he had to be at the shop a couple of hundred yards down the cobbled lane. He wondered if there was a public toilet or a MacDonalds around. It had been dark the last time he was here! He glanced around and saw a collection of boutique style accessory shops. The was a tea room but it was well shut. He felt another twinge. 'What's up with me. It's a shop. It's got a f**g toilet!'

The blinds were down in both the window and the glass panelled door. Kevin walked down the path between the side of the shop and the stream and found a side door. And knocked.

From the front upper floor window, Donald had seen Kevin get off the bus and had noted his furtive glances up and down the street and had a pretty good idea what he was looking for. He thought about changing his plans for the morning then thought better of it. Best that we stick to what we decided. Still, he could use the lads predicament to reinforce his message and to find out how difficult it was going to be get total compliance from the ex burglar.

"Come in. It's open" Kevin pushed open the door and walked into the shops back room. Part shop area and part workshop and storage. Donald was standing on the bottom step of the staircase that partially divided the shop into two halves. There was a moments silence before Donald spoke "glad to be back lad?". Kevin stuttered "I'm sorry..look mr..I didn't.."

"You can call me sir. I think that's appropriate in the circumstances don't you?" A ripple of fear passed through Kevin as memories of school teachers, policemen and borstal staff flashed before him. "I suppose" mumbled Kevin. "You suppose what?" Kevin blinked like a deer in the headlights. Donald's voice softened slightly "you suppose so Sir or yes sir would have been more correct" he walked down to meet Kevin and led him to the old pine table that was stacked with all manner of old books and ornaments and motioned for him to sit.

"Now if this arrangement is going to be entirely to my satisfaction. And you are here to satisfy me that you serve out your term of punishment.." Donald saw Kevin's mouth twitch slightly. "Oh yes it is punishment Kevin. Punishment for damaging my property and for attempting to take from me the objects that I have worked hard to pay for" Donald let the word punishment hang in the air for a moment and was pleased to see Kevin's thighs clamped tightly together. The little thief knew that this was just the start of a lecture. A long lecture that he was just going to have to sit there and take and no matter how badly he longed to relieve his swollen bladder, there was no way he was going to ask if he could use the toilet.

"Don't look so serious! It's not all bad. For instance, we start the day with tea and that can be your first job. There's a kitchen through there. You'll find a teapot and tea bags and everything else you need on the side"

*004*2018-12-26 18:21

Part 3

Kevin walked into the kitchen hoping and praying that there would be a door leading off to a toilet. No such luck. The kitchen was a small lean to type with only a door out to the back yard. He gave his crotch a comforting squeeze as he looked around for the tea things and wondered what was holding him back from asking to use the toilet? He's not told me I can't has he? but it was becoming clear to Kevin that he was going to be expected to do as he was told from now on. Besides, he just didn't have the nerve to ask just yet. Not with the mood that Donald was in. Better let him get it all off his chest first. Kevin was sure he could manage to hold on for a bit.

Kevin spotted the electric kettle, took it from the base and popped the lid. Nearly empty. He turned to the sink. A big old Belfast sink with massive old fashioned taps. He turned the cold tap and nothing happened. He kept turning and it was only after two or three revolutions that there was a hammering in the pipes and then at first a spit, closely followed by a ridiculously low pressure dribble of water. Watching the slow trickle of water didn't help Kevin's situation at all. He lifted his head and peered through the grimy window into the untidy back yard which was full of junk. He could make out some cast iron pub tables and an old mangle. Then he saw something that made him involuntarily cross one leg tightly over the other and bend slightly at the waste. An open door to a brick built outhouse and standing there invitingly, a gleaming white porcelain toilet, it's wooden lid open and ready for use.

The proximity of salvation triggered something inside as his bladder squeezed ready to expel the pent up liquid it was tiring of holding. Kevin flung the kettle into its cradle, flipped the switch on and flew to the back door and grabbed the handle. Locked! He fumbled with the knob on the Yale lock and pulled at the door once again, this time causing it to move a few millimetres before stopping abruptly as the thick iron snib of the deadlock connected with the edge of the door frame socket. Double locked! F**k!

Donald heard every movement and could tell the very instant that Kevin had spotted the toilet with the door left carefully ajar. The rattles from the two desperate attempts at opening the back door left no doubt that Kevin was now very desperate indeed. Would. The frantic lad ask? Donald had no intention of refusing to let him go, however, he was creating an atmosphere whereby Kevin would be somewhat awkward, embarrassed or even too scared to mention his need.

Following his failure to get the door open and his unexplainable inability to summon up the courage to ask for the key, Kevin used every ounce of willpower and muscle control to get himself back from frantic to just bursting again. He filled the teapot and put in the tray with the milk and cups and unsteadily carried it through to the table.

As he sat back down, Kevin felt a meagre amount of self control return and somehow managed to zone out as Donald poured out two cups of tea with the teapot held much higher than absolutely necessary.

With steaming cups of tea in front of each of them, Donald continued. "As agreed with the court, you will report here every morning at eight thirty and work in the shop, or wherever else I need you to be, until five thirty in the evening or later if I decide it" Donald waited for response for a moment. With none forthcoming, he continued "I have worked for many years to acquire this building and all of its contents. Many of which you planned to relieve me of during your failed burgulary attempt. Given your record I will reserve the right tocarry out a search of your clothing before you leave if I have cause to believe that you are attempting to steal from me"

Kevin listened in silence. He wanted to do something with his hands. He looked at the tea and lifted it to his lips before a pulse from his bladder reminded him that it wasn't the best idea at this present time. He replaced the cup on the table. How long is this crazy old git going to take. you're angry that I tried to rip you off. I get it. For the love of God, please please get this over with before I piss all over your farmhouse pine!

Donald asked "do you have anything to say?" I need the toilet, need the toilet, need to use the b**d toilet!!! "No Sir"

"I have a lot of precious items here and some not so, so whenever you are instructed you will treat every object with care. You do not have free reign of the premises and will remain in one area until I instruct you differently. The will be some heavy lifting but you look like you can manage that. I think that it is best that for the time being at least, that you speak only when spoken too unless it is an emergency, and most importantly, never interrupt me when I am dealing with a customer"

Kevin's eyes were starting to grow teary as the full implications of the coming weeks dawned upon him and his need to urinate built up to a white hot need. Cupping himself with both hands underneath the table Kevin looked directly at Donald expectantly. Donald could tell by the squirming that Kevin was seconds away from wetting his pants. He waited for a few more seconds and watched as Kevin kneaded his dick through his jeans. "Yes lad?" Kevin blurted out "can I go to the toilet please Sir!". Donald looked out of the rear window into the yard as if he hadn't heard. In the few short seconds that it took Donald to reply, Kevin's bladder contracted and pushed the hot pee right to the tip of his dick causing the lad to pinch the tip tightly through his denims.

"Yes of course" Kevin waited for Donald to find the key or walk towards the door or something, anything, just please get me to toilet now! "Oh right. Keys. Now where did I put the keys?" Donald patted his pockets absent mindedly as Kevin's bladder approached critical mass! Finding the key he ambled to the back door with Kevin, barely able to stand straight hobbled behind "I have to keep everything locked since the.. Oh well, you know why" As he turned the lock and opened the door, Kevin burst past him like a greyhound out of the trap. "My you are in a hurry" said a smiling Donald.

In his haste, Kevin has popped the waist button along with the ones on his fly, causing his jeans to slip down yo just above his knees. He actually let out an audible moan as he felt the exquisite relief as what felt like gallons of liquid tumbled into the old toilet turning the water into a frothing swirling pool of pent up red hot pee

*005*2018-12-26 18:32

Part 4

The remainder Kevin's 'orientation day' went relatively smoothly. Donald led the tour of the shop, which behind the timber frame fascia, turned out to be a labyrinth of small rooms on the two floors above, in the cellar and a large workshop at the end of the yard which showed signs of being used for furniture restoration. Donald explained that he often closed the shop on a Monday to catch up on paperwork, ongoing restoration and attending the odd house clearance and sale.

Every one of the store rooms seemed to be stacked to the ceiling with junky looking furniture and packing cases, however, on the top floor in the eaves was a room which, as Donald explained, contained his most precious pieces. When Donald unlocked the door, Kevin saw a large room with one sloping ceiling and a narrow dormer window to the rear of the building. There was a large round walnut? table standing on a threadbare but intricate rug in the centre of the room. On the table were velvet lined cases with glass lids which held many fine looking trinkets such as snuf boxes, enamel cameos and jewellery.

I wish I'd managed to get up here that night thought Kevin as he surveyed the large cabinets and cases which lined three of the walls, all of which where crammed with leather bound books, porcelain faced dolls with faded silk dresses and every manner of object that Kevin assumed had great worth to collectors and experts. Despite Donald's mainly stern manner and his constant reminders that Kevin was a thief who would reform or live to regret it, Kevin found himself becoming fascinated by the information Donald was sharing about the many interesting items around the shop.

After a lunch of sandwiches and coffee from the takeaway accross the road, Kevin made a point of asking for the back door to be unlocked so he could use the toilet, even though he hardly needed to go when it came to it. The pair went down to the shed at the end of the garden. The workshop, which was the width of the plot was stacked with chairs, tables, chests and bed frames, most of which looked battered and scratched. Donald pointed to the partially stripped and renovated pieces and explained all of the processes that were required, involving sandpaper, wire wool, white spirit and beeswax, to bring the furniture back to its firmer glory. When Donald announced that they had seen enough for one day and that Kevin could leave, the lad found it hard to tear himself away from the comforting smells of sawdust and beeswax. "Get an early night lad. You have a busy day ahead tomorrow"

As Kevin dozed on the bus ride home he began to think that maybe this enforced work experience wasn't going to be too bad at all. Despite his ignorance of many things in this world and scant regard for morality, Kevin had always had an eye for beautiful things and had often admired the hand turned legs and ivory escutcheons of the tables and dressers as he stripped them of their cash, jewellery and easily fenced electrical items.

Donald's ringtone was by Elgar. Tempted as he was to let the opening bars of 'Nimrod' play out he pressed the glowing green button "hello".

"It's Callum. You still at the shop?"

"I'm still here yes"

"are you alone?"

"Yes"

"good. I'll be there in 15 minutes"

Donald had cleared the pine table and was uncorking a good bottle of Bordeaux when Callum popped his head around the door "I say. Are those Queen Anne legs? Or is it just the cut of those trousers?". Donald dusted off two late 17th century Viennese water glasses and poured the drinks. That had been Callum's joke EVERY time he had visited the shop since the pair had met up again over a year earlier. "How was our little handyman today? Everything go to plan?" Donald explained how the day had gone and the unplanned desperation episode. "Now we can't have any unplanned bladder incidents, however.." Donald watched as Callum proceeded to rifle through his briefcase and produce a small brown bottle and an egg. Donald raised an eyebrow. Callum looked around "do you have a pestle and mortar?" He asked. "Somewhere"" replied Donald. "Good. Go and get it and bring me young Kev's teacup"

Donald placed the implements in front of Callum who lifted the little bottle and rattled it "Microzyde" Donald shrugged his shoulders "diuretic tablets". Donald pointed to the egg "Mycrozyde omelette?". As Callum ground down two of the tablets to a fine powder he explained "to keep our little friend from feeling too comfortable and to make sure that he will have to ask for the key, I thought we could try these".

"I get it, but what's the egg for?" asked Donald. "Well he's hardly likely to swallow a couple of these without suspecting something is he?"

Donald sipped his wine as Callum went on to separate the egg white from the yolk. Discarding the yolk in, as Donald noted, a wicker waste paper basket and poured the white into a saucer, he then proceeded to add small quantities of the white to the powder in the pestle to form a thick paste. He pulled a sable paintbrush from his case "watercolours. I dabble" Donald nodded. Callum then painted a layer of the paste onto the inside of Kevin's cup. "It'll dry solid and white and stay like that until the hot tea hits it and hey presto! A quick cup of tea and then get Kevin working away at some time consuming job while his kidneys go into overdrive and let the little thiefs own bladder punish him for us" Donald looked slightly concerned "have you dine this before?" Callum nodded "who on?"

"a particularly arrogant court usher in the crown court" Donald looks shocked "did it work?" Callum smiled at the memory "he put up a very brave fight but yes. Spectacularly!"

*008*2019-01-01 21:33

Part 5

Kevin was out of the flat with plenty of time to spare. It was one of those cold autumn mornings but no rain and the slightest chance of some winter sunshine between the cloud. Donald's talk about the antiques and restoration methods had actually stirred an interest within Kevin and it seemed crazy to him but he was actually looking forward to getting to the shop again and starting to repay his debt to society.

Donald stared at the tea tray and traced his finger around the rim of Kevin's blue and white china teacup. He picked it up and peered into it quite amazed that there was nothing to see apart from a slight yellowing around the base. He felt a shiver of excitement as he went to place it back on the tray but at the last second he reached up to the pine cupboard and found an identical cup to replace it and carefully hid the original at the back of the cupboard.

Over their large pot of tea, Donald explained the plans for the day. "Now lad, you know the plate wall in the front shop?" Kevin nodded. He remembered noticing what looked like hundreds of decorative plates and platters hanging on the wall opposite the till area during the previous days tour. "They've been due a clean for a good few months and your just the lad to tackle the job" Donald grinned as he refilled Kevin's cup for the second time and went on to explain that many of the plates were delicate and required careful handling.

He went on to tell Kevin that the wire plate hangers were awful things that could chip the edges or mark the glaze but it was the only practical way to display the things in the shop. "If you get a bucket of warm water with a small amount of detergent and another with clean, wipe them gently with a sponge, rinse and then dry with a cloth. Best to do it one at a time. There are some tall steps in the workshop. I've unlocked the back so you fetch those in and I'll open the shop"

Kevin placed the tea tray next to the sink and went out into the yard. He shuddered as he saw the closed lavatory door remembering the previous days close shave, mentally noted the present status of his bladder which felt almost empty but maybe he should take a precautionary pee. He pushed the door but felt it firmly locked. Then he remembered Donald's obsession with locking doors since his own failed robbery attempt. Since he didn't feel the need in the slightest, Kevin carried on down to the big shed and found the tall stepladder behind the door. He would get set up first and ask Donald to unlock the toilet before securing the yard again.

Kevin gingerly manhandled the steps through the back shop into the tastefully cluttered front. The furniture that had lined the bottom of the plate wall had been pulled forward to make a corridor for him to work in. He carefully set up at the end by the window and went through to the kitchen to find the buckets and cloths an noted that the yard door had been closed and locked presumably by Donald although he hadn't noticed him pass by at all. He thought about finding Donald and getting the doors unlocked but dismissed the idea as he didn't want to cause any fuss, especially as he didn't want a pee anyhow!

When he carried the buckets back through, the shop door was wide open and there was even a customer standing by the counter chatting with Donald who looked up. "Put those down lad and come here" Kevin placed the buckets at the bottom of the steps and walked towards Donald and a well dressed older woman. "Say hello to Mrs Brookes" Kevin smiled "hi. I'm Kevin". The woman studied Kevin but said nothing. Donald continued "this lady is one of my regular and I should say best customers so you must make sure that she always gets what she wants".

"Pleased to meet you Mrs Brookes". After an awkward moment where no one said anything, Kevin smiled again, picked up his buckets and wove his way between the various items of furniture on display.

Donald and Mrs Brookes continued chatting but both looked on as Kevin climbed the 6' steps and found that he had to stand on the top platform of the a frame to reach the top row of plates. They saw as Kevin's tee shirt ride up as he reached for the first plate, revealing the pale skin of his back which looked like rich cream against the bleached white wasteband of his Paul Smith boxers. Kevin carefully carried the plate down and it wasn't until he dipped it in the bucket and looked towards the pair that the couple realised that they had been staring.

Kevin worked away on the plates, taking real care with each of the richly decorated pieces. After an hour or so and a dozen plates the water was looking decidedly murky so Kevin hauled the buckets through the shop and poured them down the sink. Donald meanwhile had been keeping a close eye on his charge and paying particular attention when Kevin was standing with his hands in the soapy water.

After years of keen observation, Donald considered himself somewhat of an expert on body language, especially those almost imperceptible changes in a persons stance when their subconscious registers the first signs of a filling bladder. For the last three or four trips up and down the ladder Donald had noticed that Kevin had started tapping both of his feet and swaying very gently each time his hands were in the water. He had to pee but judging by Kevin's otherwise serene appearance this fact had not registered in the forefront of the lads mind. Donald knew that he soon would and he would have to move quickly to monopolise on this developing situation.

As Kevin watched the hot water thunder into the bottom of the bucket it registered strongly that it was time to pee. As Kevin rounded the corner into the shop he almost ran into Donald causing him to stop suddenly, the water in one of the buckets slopped over the edge and splatter on the worn rug at his feet. "Watch what you are doing lad!" Said Donald as they both watched the small pool of water seep into the pile, leaving a small mound of bubbles. "Now listen. I have to pop out for a short while.

I am sure that people will call me stupid but I am leaving you here to look after the place. Kevin was taken aback. Would he have to speak to customers? Sell things? Before he could respond Donald spoke again "now I don't need to explain the consequences if you betray the trust I am placing in you do I lad?" Kevin was still processing the information he was getting when Donald started heading towards the door "do your best to help customers. Everything is priced but they will need the correct money as I have of course locked the till". Kevin watched as Donald opened the door and realised that his chance of a pee break was about to leave.

"Er..Sir?" Donald stopped and turned. He looked at his new assistant standing with container of hot liquid in each hand and another just beneath the wasteband of his jeans. "Yes?" Kevin's arms ached from the weight of the water "could you leave me the keys please?". Donald feigned a shocked expression and then laughed loudly "of course lad. I'll give you my wallet for safe keeping as well if you like" Kevin realised that his request was ridiculous and rephrased "no Sir I just meant the keys to the yard"

"I don't want the shop left unattended. Anything you need to do outside can wait until I get back" as Donald was speaking he had to move aside as the woman from earlier entered. "Oh I was just leaving. Is there anything I can..." Laura Brookes just waved her hand "I'm fine. Just remembered my aunts birthday in a few days. She collects plates and I thought as they were all getting a polish..." Laura and Donald laughed. Donald looked at Kevin "well if you see anything you like I'm sure that Kevin here can help you" Kevin realised that the whole 'can I have the keys to the toilet' conversation had passed.

As Donald left, he walked back over to the steps and dumped the buckets on the tool chest. Kevin looked over to the woman who stood with her arms folded surveying the wall of plates. He realised that he had crossed one leg over the other and corrected his stance. Laura looked at Kevin and smiled "don't let me keep you from your work Kevin. I'm just browsing" Kevin smiled weakly. He was trapped here with this woman, a rapidly filling bladder and a locked toilet! He climbed the ladders unsteadily and grabbed another plate.

Laura had spent the last hour nursing a skinny latte trying to think of a plausible excuse to revisit the shop and wondering what it was about the boy in the shop that had captivated her. The lad was rough for sure. Maybe it was the brief glimpses of his smooth back and flat stomach or the way his jeans showed off his bubble ass but something had peaked her interest and she was determined to get another look.

Laura watched as Kevin washed the oval platter in the soapy water. The boy looked nervous. 'It must be me' she thought, 'he's noticed me looking at him' and made an effort to divert her gaze and watch from the corner of her eye. Then as he finished drying the plate, she saw something that made her realise what was causing Kevin's nervousness. He glanced over to make sure that Laura wasn't watching and as he placed the cloth on the bench he turned and with his free hand gave his crotch a good hard squeeze. The need to pee was growing fast and the fact he was on display didn't help. As Kevin mounted the ladder he felt his bladder give a little rippling spasm which caused him to stop and squeeze his legs together. With Kevin facing away from her, Laura was able to turn and admire the way the Levi's hugged his thighs and as she saw them tense and squeeze she felt a similar tingle.

