Kendall and Amy at the Movies!

Author: Jacoblarkspur1

*000*2025-02-28 12:17

Hi! Long time lurker here. I like to write so I thought I'd try my hand at writing an omo story. I hope you enjoy!

//

Kendall sat in her chair in the movie theatre, thighs clenched, hand in her crotch. She glanced over at Amy, who seemed to be resting comfortably watching the movie. Kendall wondered how her friend showed no signs of needing to pee while she was on the verge of wetting herself right there in the felt movie theatre chair. They had both drank a large soda, on top of a few glasses of wine prior to the movie. Now, with about 20 minutes remaining, Kendall sat squirming like a child using all her strength to keep herself dry. She could no longer focus on the action movie she was so excited to see. The loud boom of an explosion startled Kendall. Her body instinctively jumped, and caused her to pee a little bit. 

She felt the crotch of her gray sweatpants, they felt dry but she was sure her pink panties underneath were wet. The movie had reached its resolution, and they were in the final minutes. Kendall crossed her legs and held as tight as she could, but she could not stop another leak from escaping. Then another. She was slowly losing confidence in her ability to make it to the bathroom. A small wet spot had appeared between Kendall’s legs. Her heart was racing. She was no stranger to having accidents, and Amy had even been there for a few of them, but she’d never wet herself in a place as public as the movie theatre. The credits rolled, the lights came up, and Amy shot out of her chair.

“That was good! Let’s get out of here, I really have to pee,” said Amy.

“Yeah I…” Kendall tried to respond but Amy turned and quickly made her way to the exit before Kendall finished her sentence.

Kendall stood up, immediately sending another spurt of pee down her left leg. She hunched over and her hand shot to her crotch. Her cheeks flushed red. The theatre wasn’t crowded, which she was thankful for, but she was still overcome with embarrassment being in the state that she was in. She made her way to the exit, speed walking to catch up with Amy. Cutting through the crowd of people congesting the exit, she lost a few more leaks. The wet spot between her legs had started to spread down her thighs. The streak on her left leg was halfway to her knee. At this point Kendall wasn’t trying to hold it, she accepted that she was peeing her pants, she was just trying to minimize the damage. 

She made it to the lobby and her heart sank when she saw the line for the ladies room. More pee escaped her aching bladder, causing her sweats to grow a few shades darker. She spotted Amy in line, anxiously tapping her foot as she waited for the relief of the toilet. She sped walked over to Amy, consistently leaking into her sweats as she moved. She reached her friend and tapped Amy on the shoulder. Kendall’s lip quivered and her voice shook as she whimpered “Amy, I’m peeing my pants.” Amy looked down, and saw her friends gray sweats quickly getting darker and wetter.

“Oh my gosh, let’s go,” she said as she grabbed Kendall by the arm, stepped out of line, and swiftly made their way to the movie theatre exit. Kendall was fully peeing herself as they walked. What started as a small wet spot between Kendall’s legs was now a growing river of pee that started at her crotch and ran down both her legs. The wetness went all the way to her ankle on her left leg and was now spilling out onto her white shoe and into a trail of urine on the floor. From the back, she was soaked all the way down both legs, and the wetness crept up her round butt, making her subtle panty line a little less subtle. Some bystanders laughed, some scoffed, and some whistled as tears welled in Kendall’s pretty green eyes.

“Long movie was it?” A theatre employee joked as the girls finally escaped the theatre. They walked to the car in silence. The only sound being that of Kendall’s pee still being dispersed into her now dark gray sweatpants. She wasn’t done wetting herself until they reached the car, and by the time they did, Kendall was thoroughly soaked. The back of legs were soaked, and even the front of her pants from her right knee down to her ankle was soaked. Her accident was obvious from every angle. Even her socks had absorbed a lot of the wetness. A tear ran down her cheek. “I’m so humiliated! I can’t believe I just peed myself in front of all those people!” She cried to Amy.

Amy gave her friend a hug. As Kendall cried, Amy reassured her, “It’s okay Kenny. It could have been worse. At least you never have to see any of those people ever again… And if it makes you feel any better, I peed myself too.”

“Really?” Kendall mumbled as she broke the hug.

“Yeah,” responded Amy with a nervous giggle as she subtly crossed her legs, “I had to go so bad, I peed a little like halfway through the movie and slowly let more and more out the rest of the movie.”

“Wow… I couldn’t even tell…” Kendall responded, still shaking from the shock of publicly wetting herself.

“Yeah I purposely wore black leggings…” Amy said with a playful giggle, “they hide the wetness but I can feel my butt is wet. And my panties are soaked and I definitely left a puddle in my chair” Amy said with a laugh.

Amy’s words made Kendall feel a little better. She smiled, “Well damn, I wish you would’ve told me about your little about your trick. That would’ve saved me some embarrassment,” responded Kendall as she looked down twisting her legs, examining the wetness of her sweats.

“Sorry! I wasn’t expecting you to have a full blown accident tonight!” Amy teased, uncrossing her legs, “Although with you, I guess I shouldn’t be surprised.”

“Okay, you’re one to talk miss 'wine night wetter',” Kendall playfully shot back.

It was true, both girls had witnessed the other having their fair share of accidents. Both of them wetting themselves on some occasions.

Amy laughed and crossed her legs again. “Touche… but yeah I’ve learned to always wear dark clothing when the bathroom might be unavailable for extended periods. This is not my first time leaving the movie theatre wet,” Amy admitted as she uncrossed and crossed her legs again while moving her hand toward her crotch.

“You still have to go huh,” Kendall observed.

“Very badly. I never got to fully go,” Amy said now hunched over and holding herself.

“Do you want to go back in and use the bathroom?” Kendall asked.

“Hell no! I can’t go back in there as the friend of the girl who just peed her pants in the lobby,” Amy joked. “My leggings are already wet… I might as well just…”

Amy stood up straight and relaxed. Kendall watched as pee started to trickle down Amy’s legs. It was hard to see under the dim street lamp but Amy’s black leggings were definitely getting darker. It didn’t take long for the urine to soak through the athletic fabric of Amy’s leggings, and the slow stream quickly turned into a waterfall from Amy’s crotch onto the pavement of the parking lot. Both girls laughed as Amy stood there, peeing in her leggings for a solid minute. By the time she was done, her pink vans were covered in pee and she stood in a puddle, which branched off into a small river heading towards Kendall.

‘Wow you really did have to go,” Kendall remarked.

“This is just like movie night Cayla’s house,” Amy responded.

“Ooh yeah it really is. Maybe we shouldn’t watch movies together anymore. Seeing as we both end up pissing ourselves.”

Amy laughed, “I don’t think the movies are the problem, I think it’s us!”

Kendall laughed and shook her head. With her spirits lifted, she walked around Amy’s car in her soaked sweatpants and climbed into the passenger seat. Amy, in her dripping wet leggings, got in the car and the girls happily headed home.

###

Kendall got out of Amy’s car, said her goodbyes, and headed into her house. She was grateful her family wasn’t awake. Mainly her brother, who would have relentlessly teased her is he saw his 21 year-old older sister in peed pants. She went up to her room and took off her sweats. She examined her pink panties. Kendall had been a cheerleader in high school, with thick, athletic thighs, and a round, firm butt that draws a lot of attention from boys. Her panties accentuated her features nicely, and the wetness made them cling to her body in a flattering way. She looked in the mirror and admired the camletoe her wet panties provided. She spun around and saw the entire bottom half of her panties were wet. “Wow, I peed a lot” she thought to herself. After admiring her accident, she changed into some dry clothes and went to sleep.

When Amy got home, her mother was still awake, sitting in the living room reading a book. They had a small mundane conversation. Amy’s mother oblivious to her daughter’s wet leggings. Amy went to her room and started to get ready for bed. She removed her crop top, revealing her slender body accentuated by her B-cup titties in her black bra. Still wearing her peed leggings, Amy began brushing her teeth. She glanced at the toilet, and after a second of contemplation, she stepped into the shower. 

She stood there brushing her teeth, and after a few seconds, she began to pee. She felt the warmth spread from her pussy, to her butt, and down her thighs. She felt the wetness travel down her legs to her knees before the stream escaped the leggings leaving a few droplets on the shower floor. She didn’t pee a lot, but enough that a few drops escaped a her freshly wet leggings as she stepped out of the shower over to the sink to finish brushing her teeth. Amy removed her bra and peed pants, and got into bed wearing nothing but her wet baby blue thong.

