Fanfiction of myself in an slice of life world with alot of accidents and fun

Author: JennyCrimson

*000*2020-09-01 16:57

Jenny. 20 Years old, 5'5 feet tall wakes up in the morning her eyes not really wanna open but as she pays a glance over to the Alarm Clock she sees that she is gonna be late.

Jumping out of her Bed and tries to get ready as quick as Possible neglecting one important Duty.

The Bathroom she walks outside of the Apartment she lives in and walks towards the Bus stop after walking for 5 minutes she gets the first sign of her Bladder "No i cant go back or im gonna be late for real. Just gotta hold it" she thinks to herself.

She arrives 3 minutes later at the Busstop feeling her bladder aching but not much against the Jeans and her Black Thong.

Sitting down she squints a bit but she tries to relax. After a while of waiting she quickly got onto the bus and found a Good spot to sit, only after 2 minutes she felt way more desperate as the holes in the street are making her Bladder move the Pee all around. Feeling like she is gonna wet herself here and now she decides to close her legs tight and lighten her belt a bit before trying to stop herself from moving so much.

10 minutes later and she is close to the Bus Station where she needs to get out but her Bladder is aching alot feeling it pressing against her Thong and jeans she really is desperate and even considers just letting it soak into the Seat. But she is going outside the bus now.

Only to sigh knowing she gotta go into work with a About to burst bladder.

Now finally arrived at her Work she gets herself inside of the elevator trying her best not too Pee herself, she waddles and presses on her bladder but she sees someone called the elevator with the Key all the way upwards but she needs only to get halfway.

Knowing this is gonna take a long while she just relaxes and holds on. 5 minutes later she finally is on her Floor, ignoring everybody she walks towards the Ladies bathroom and as she is inside relief comes into her Mind.

Nearly ripping her jeans and thong down as she got the so long awaited release.

What she didnt knew her desperation caused her to not lock the Door so pretty soon suddenly there stands a Woman with a Needy Bladder aswell staring at her Peeing. "Oh Gosh ! Now i need even more badly hurry up !"

Embarrassed i said "Get in and close the door! Or you want everybody to watch me Pee ?"

She got inside as told but it didnt took long before i saw a Naked Ass right infront of me: its a really beautiful ass.

After locking the door she just starts to pee between my legs into the Toilett. "Dont tell anybody about this okay?" As soon we both finished i wasnt done i wanted more.

Thats why i suddenly started to push my tongue against her wet slit and eat her out. She doesnt say much to it she just moans and rubs my Pussy making me moan. We continue like this until we both cum. Trying to leave unnoticed to get back to work.

Jenny just cant seem to get what just happened out of her Head, she just had peed into the same toilet at the same time with Alexandra the Hot beauty of the Service Line.

Since her whole time at this workplace she never got herself to ask her out for stuff, Now she even found out Alexandra is a naughty one just going with it when licked.

So she gets a bit more curious. Starting to search her Social Media for her relationship status. "Currently single wanna try new Things with a Woman"

That felt like a Invitation to her, thats why she gets up hides under her Desk and waits for her. Her dumb but naughty idea is simple, she waits for her to come back as soon she spreads her legs she goes ahead and starts licking Alexandras Crotch if she is right she will let her do it with pleasure or silently get her away before she could think more Alexandra already came back and sat down legs a bit spread.

Going for it jenny raises her head under her skirt and starts licking the Pink Thong she wears under.

With surprise Alexandra looks down only to see Jenny, after two confused mimics she goes ahead and lets her do!

Jenny knew she can go fully at it now pushing the thong aside only to see a rapidly wettening Pussy right infront of her for her to eat and lick.

Alexandra squirming around in her chair for nothing longer than 2 minutes before she came into jennies mouth as silenty she could.

Pulling jenny back up she scolds her a bit but then compliments her on her work and gives her her Address and Number.

Happy Jenny goes into the Kitchen to get herself some Water.

What she didnt knows is that Alexandra soon followed and said "Hey if you can hold out your bladder until we are at my Place after drinking enough cold water to be full. Im gonna give you a reward at my Place "

And so she started chugging.

Jenny made a little Bet with Alexandra just 5 minutes before, knowing that if she wins she gets a nice reward.

Alexandra didnt said what kind of reward but her Mind just kinda tells her its gonna be a nice one.

Lunch break over and Jennies bladder condition didnt changed much yet so she could normally sit on her work Chair and do her Paper and E mailing work.

1 Hour before jenny and Alexandra have finished their Work Day, Jenny can feel her Bladder starting to ache but she is used to it a little bit so she can hold back any Pee dancing.

10 minutes before they can leave she started to Pee dance a little which makes Alexandra smirk over to her what she didnt told Jenny is what Alexandra gets when jenny fails.

As soon the time is over she waves goodbye to everyone except Alex and they make their way to the Elevator, inside it drives up and up and up even though they need to go down.

"God damb Priority Keys "she thought to herself as she after whole 5 minutes arrive down at the Lobby.

Alexandra pulls out her Phone and shows Jenny the Way and says "We meet there. If you lose dont pull anything down just wet yourself as proof of loss"

Jenny gulped but nodded, Alex left for her Car and drives away.

Looking at the Way she has to go she finds out she either has to go by foot or needs to run for the Bus that comes in 5 minutes. She values her Options "if i run that fast im sure gonna wet myself " she thought, its 30 minutes drive or 2 Hour Walk.

She ends up running really fast feeling the Pee in her Bladder moving around really little as it were so full but she could hear it, she actually catches the Bus but as she thought her Bladder didnt liked that and is really bursting as soon she sat down on an Chair.

Pushing two of her Hands down to her Crotch trying to comfort herself some. "You only have to manage to hold it for 30 more minutes you can do it " she thought to herself.

10 minutes later and she feels so badly about to pee she cant take her Mind off it. Potty dancing and pushing to make it feel less pressured.

20 Minutes now Passed and its still an 10 hour drive but her Mind is already at losing as the Bus drives through a Bump, she then gets an Idea how to cheat a bit if she is gonna leak a tiny bit she looks into her Bag while pushing with one hand onto her Crotch only to pull out some handkerchiefs stuffing alot of them into her Thong.

25 minutes only 5 minutes remain and her Idea already made sense cause the next Bump caught her offguard and she shot a small jet off her Steaming hot Pee into the handkerchiefs, feeling the warmth.

She now finally got out of the Bus and arrived at Alexandras Home feeling like she almost did it she takes all her courage and finds alexandras door, she throws the Handkerchiefs into the nearby bin and really soon rings the Bell.

Alexander opens the door and smirks, she only had to look into Jennies eyes and she knew she still has too.

"Congratz you won now come in and sit on there " she had opened the Bathroom door for her beforehand.

Jenny smiles as she potty dances her way towards the room as suddenly Alexandra closes it and places a huge bucket under Jenny.

She wanted to complain alot but her mind was just at the relief she felt at seeing the toilett and hearing the Words she couldnt hold it anymore.

She sits down on the big bucket and starts peeing a Huge Moan of relief escapes her lips as Alexandra can watch the Huge pressure Yellow stream of hot Piss shoot directly through her clothes into the Bucket.

"You Really did it and sorry but i couldnt let you pee in peace without seeing you wet yourself "she chuckles a bit.

"Now lets talk about your reward "

To be Continued if wanted and I get motivation.

