Chloe the Test Subject

Author: jakeybakey

*000*2022-10-18 10:27

It is like... 3AM and this is my first fictional story about this kind of subject. I just combined every single one of my fantasies into ONE holy shit kinda thing so uhhhh enjoy

Chloe steps through the door. She's in a waiting room. Chloe sits down, and starts to play with her fingers out of boredom. the doors behind her lock. How did she get here? It's a long story. Why don't I tell you about it?

Chloe woke up one morning to a letter on her doorstep. "Eviction Notice".

Her landlord had been bugging her for a while now, so Chloe knew she had to get the money soon. Later that day, while brainstorming ideas to get money, Chloe decided to take a break and head to the local cafe. She ordered her coffee, and accidentally got a duplicate coffee along with her original coffee. Chloe, who didn't want to seem wasteful, took the two coffees and sat down at a table.

Chloe drank both of the coffees and her mind was blank. how could she possibly pay rent in this short time-frame?

Chloe then realizes if she can't come up with anything, she should go back to her apartment and start packing up her things.

That was until a flier on the wall of the coffee shop took her attention.

"TEST SUBJECT NEEDED! We will be running experiments that will sure make you drip with excitement! If you participate, you get to earn five thousand dollars in cash!"

This was more than enough money to pay for Chloe's rent, so she rushed to her car and drove to the location stated on the flier. The building she parked at was unusual. It looked suspicious enough to the point where any sane person would try to get as far away from the building as they possibly could. Then again, she needed the money.

She stepped through the doors of the building. Nobody seemed to be in the building, so Chloe went up to the receptionist desk.

Chloe then saw a piece of paper telling her to go through the door on her right.

Chloe stepped through the door. She was in a waiting room. Chloe sat down, but soon realized that the coffees were getting to her.

She started playing with her fingers to help distract from the pressure, but this didn't work.

All her life, Chloe had a small bladder. Chloe was always on the brink of pissing herself if she wasn't careful with what she drank. Chloe then thought that she would be fine if she just got up to go to the bathroom, but then the unimaginable happened. The doors behind her locked.

Anything past this point is a mystery to Chloe now. Is she going to piss herself? Is she going to make it through the testing? What will she even change into if she soaks herself?

A TV screen lights up in front of Chloe. It appears to be just audio waveforms.

"Hello, Test Subject!" says a robotic voice.

"Hey?" says Chloe.

"My name is OMO-Bot! Welcome to OMO laboratories!" says OMO-Bot.

"What are you guys testing me on?" asks Chloe.

"Step into the door on your left." says OMO-Bot.

"You didn't answer my question!" says Chloe in frustration.

Chloe slowly stands up while the pressure inside her bladder keeps rising. She enters the door on her left expecting a Scientist she could talk to. Maybe she could ask them if they could lead her to a bathroom. There's no one in the room. She is alone.

The door closes behind her, and locks. All that's in the room is a table.

"Please lay on the table, CHLOE." says OMO-Bot.

"This better be worth the five thousand dollars..." says Chloe.

She slowly walks to the table, trying not to squirt. Below the table is a sewer drain. She wonders why, but can't focus on it because of her bladder. Chloe climbs on top of the table and lays down. She says to herself it'll be okay. just a few tests. A click is heard. 

Then another, then another, then another. Chloe can't move. Chloe's been cuffed to the table. her arms and her legs are locked.

Since Chloe is cuffed, her legs spread apart, and this only increases Chloe's desperation. Chloe begins taking deep breaths, but to no avail.

"Stay calm." says OMO-Bot.

"How can I stay calm?! I CAN'T MOVE! LET ME OUT!" screams Chloe.

The table flips more vertically, which makes it even harder for Chloe to hold her pee.

"STOP! STOP! STOP THIS RIGHT NOW! I WANT OUT!" says Chloe.

Robot arms come out and start taking off her clothing one at a time, all until she is stripped to nothing but a bra and her panties.

"HEY! WHY ARE YOU TAKING MY CLOTHES?! PERVERT! LET ME OUT! LET ME OUT!" screams Chloe.

"Activating 'Deranged_Subject_Protocol.exe'." says OMO-Bot.

The robot arms come back, and place duct tape over Chloe's mouth. Chloe fights and fights, but realizes that the more she fights, the more likely she'll pee herself. Chloe settles down. This shows OMO-Bot that they can take off the duct tape.

"We're experimenting how much humans can endure... wetting-related pleasure." says OMO-Bot. "The second you arrived at this facility, there were chemicals in the building's air that change the way your body creates and processes urine. In this case, the amount of chemicals in the air right now make your urine production 20% faster."

Chloe wants to scream, but the vibrations of her vocal cords would be enough to make her wet herself. How could this be happening? All she wanted was to pay rent. Now she's paying the price.

"Feel free to urinate where you are." says OMO-Bot.

"Right here?! Right NOW?!" Chloe thought. Of course she had a strong urge to urinate, but not like this. "Maybe this is what the sewer drain was for..."

"Do you need assistance?" asks OMO-Bot.

Chloe is shocked. "No! I am not peeing myself!

"Assistance granted." says OMO-Bot. The robot arms rise up again. This time, with vibrators.

"Maybe this will give you the nudge you need," says OMO-Bot.

As the arms gently place the vibrator on her privates, Chloe lets out a yelp. It feels so good, but she feels like she's going to burst.

OMO-Bot realizes that the level that the vibrators are set at are not working, so OMO-Bot amps it up a notch. Chloe lets out a moan. she can't control herself anymore. she can't hold it in. Chloe starts feeling warmness down her crotch and onto her legs, as a urine stream trickles down her thighs.

"MY PANTIES!" cries Chloe. "THEY'RE SOAKED!"

Since the urination production had upped itself 20%, Chloe had way more to pee out. This was a relief to Chloe anyhow. She could even see the robot hands disappearing back to where they came from. This whole debacle could be over, and she could just drive home without her panties on. no big deal.

"Up the chemicals to 50% urine production." says OMO-Bot.

"WHAT?!" yells Chloe.

Chloe starts to feel her bladder build up again, worse than before. Chloe holds it somehow, and tries to keep it that way.

"Now, stop holding it, or I'm going to have to bring out the vibrators again..." says OMO-Bot.

Chloe continues holding her pee. For some reason, she WANTS the vibrators to come back. She doesn't know why, but the sensation of release when she let loose earlier felt otherworldly to her. The warmth of her legs, to the flooding of her underwear was different, but amazing to her.

"BRING IT ON!" screams Chloe.

"If you insist..." says OMO-Bot.

OMO-Bot brings out the vibrators again, and Chloe does her best to hold back. the feeling of uncontrollably bursting was something she wants to experience yet again. OMO-Bot amps up the strength of the vibrators and Chloe bursts. not just an explosion of urine, but cums as well. this intense orgasmic feeling combined with the warmness and wetness of her underwear and thighs just made her too excited. Chloe wondered if she had just gained a new fetish. The vibrators retreat from her privates and OMO-Bot starts taking notes.

Chloe feels drained, but refreshed. Chloe may have even sweat more than she wet her panties. Chloe doesn't want this to be over. in fact, she wants more. thanks to OMO-Bot, she gets her wish.

"Up the chemicals to 75% urine production. says OMO-Bot.

"Oh boy." says Chloe.

At this point in the testing process, Chloe doesn't have the strength in her to hold her pee. She lets go with not a care in the world.

Slight problem, though. a new robot hand comes in with a new toy. Chloe can't figure out for the life of her what it could be.

The robot hand takes Chloe's panties off, sticks a dildo inside of Chloe, and blocks her pee stream.

This causes Chloe to break. Chloe screams. The robot hand moves the dildo back and forth. this causes

Chloe to absolutely lose it. Chloe is enticed by the amount of pleasure she's receiving, but she can't pee.

This creates a tingly feeling inside of her clitoris. The pee keeps building up, ready to head out of her, but inevitably fails.

The dildo moves back and forth at increasing speeds. Chloe's bladder keeps filling up, but the urine has nowhere to go.

The urine washes around in her bladder, tickling her insides. Two more robot hands come out with vibrators.

The hands untie Chloe's bra and place the vibrators on Chloe's tits. Chloe moans with pleasure. Chloe has learned at this point to not fight back anymore, and to just take part in the pleasure. The table itself starts vibrating. This causes Chloe to REALLY need to pee. The dildo keeps moving faster and faster, and Chloe can't release. the dildo starts moving even faster, and the vibrators get set to an even higher setting. Chloe feels like she's going to pass out, and this is the cue for the robot hands to take the dildo out.

Chloe explodes even more than before. The urine floods down her legs like a waterfall.

"Oh, don't think you're done yet." says OMO-Bot. 

A robot hand places the dildo back into Chloe. Chloe's stream is again interrupted.

"You weren't the only one to enter this building, you know." says OMO-Bot.

OMO-Bot makes the table Chloe is cuffed onto to travel to another room like a slow rollercoaster ride. Chloe squirms around the whole time because her vagina is blocked from urinating by the dildo.

"Say hello to Camryn." says OMO-Bot.

Chloe's table goes over to Camryn's, and they're looking at each other face to face. both of which are stripped of their clothing.

The robot arms take out both Chloe's and Camryn's dildos. Both of them leak onto the floor like there's no tomorrow.

"Not so fast," says OMO-Bot. "You know... Sharing is caring."

A robot arm takes out a double sided dildo and places it between Chloe and Camryn. the two tables then push together, making both of them share the dildo. Chloe and Camryn are tit to tit, and are squishing together. the two tables then move back and forth making them smush together and fuck the dildo together. Camryn is crying to pee, and so is Chloe. vibrators then make their way to each of their tits and vibrate hard.

Camryn's bladder wants to explode, but can't due to the blockage. This is when Camryn realizes that the dildo is hollow. She could technically pee, but It would go directly into Chloe. Camryn couldn't care less.

Camryn starts flooding into Chloe. Chloe feels this sensation and her bladder fills up even more because of Camryn's added urine. Chloe then decides to get her back. Chloe starts flooding into Camryn. Camryn feels this and instantly feels pain. Camryn floods back into Chloe, and it becomes a war. After a while of this, the dildo pops out. Chloe and Camryn pee all over each other because of the lack of room between them. Some of Camryn's pee lands on Chloe's tits, and Chloe's pee lands on Camryn's. after they finish flooding, Chloe starts cumming all over Camryn. Camryn returns the favor. Now that Chloe and Camryn are covered in white and gold, OMO-Bot lets the girls have a break for a bit.

"Up the chemicals to 90% urine production." says OMO-Bot.

Chloe fills up instantly, and floods on the floor. After she stops, she floods again, and again, and again. The same happens for Camryn.

"Looks like you need some diapers." says OMO-Bot.

The robot hands apply diapers to the two girls.

"Maybe this will prevent some leaking," says OMO-Bot.

"You're the one who's been making us leak!" says Camryn.

"Oh am I? Up the chemicals to 95% urine production." says OMO-Bot.

The two girls keep on flooding the diapers so fast, that they leak heavy amounts of urine.

"You know... for punishment for leaking your diapers, instead of changing your diaper, I'll just lay another one on top." says OMO-Bot.

Chloe leaks and you can hear a loud thud on the floor from the sheer amount of urine.

"Time to add another layer!" says OMO-Bot.

The robot hands add another layer, and the girls just soak again. two more layers applied, two more diapers flooded.

"All that peeing can't be good for you... how about we give you some water to even everything out?" says OMO-Bot.

A Water pipe comes from the ceiling and shoves itself down Chloe's throat. Camryn gets one as well.

The water pipes consistently pump water into them, while they constantly need to pee. Camryn wants to scream, but is blocked by the water pipe.

Chloe's bladder keeps getting fuller and fuller, and she keeps flooding water out of her diaper. This goes on for a while. Camryn and Chloe keep wetting themselves, and they keep getting more layers of diapers. At this point, Chloe's diaper is the size of a car. no matter how many layers Chloe gets, it does not stop the flood. More robot hands surface with hosepipes and shove them into both of the girl's diapers, and into their pussies.

Chloe is in pain again, seeing as she's blocked from urinating. Along with the pain is a tingling sensation. The constant flow of water into her mouth and pussy makes Chloe need to pee even more. More robot hands surface. The hands shove hosepipes into both of their asses. Chloe and Camryn are in excruciating pain and pleasure. Being triple penetrated by the hosepipes, their bodies are being flooded with water along with their bladders piling up and up with urine. Chloe starts squirming violently, and this shaking causes the tingling to increase. Chloe wants to release so bad, but the pipes won't allow it. The hoses eject from their diapers, and the girls flood so much that the diapers fall to the ground.

"Oh! I didn't mean to do that! Let's put on some new diapers..." says OMO-Bot. "uh oh..."

"What do you mean Uh-oh?!" yells Camryn.

"We only have double diapers now... darn it." says OMO-Bot. "Looks like you have to share."

Double diapers are a singular diaper meant for two people at once. The robots apply the double diaper around Camryn and Chloe. The robot arms also get the vibrators out, and place it at the bottom of their shared diaper.

"Up the chemicals to 100% urine production." says OMO-Bot.

Chloe and Camryn immediately start wetting and flooding themselves. The flood is too much for the diaper to handle, so it leaks. the vibrators tickle both of their pussies violently and cause them to cum uncontrollably, while also pissing uncontrollably. Vibrators shake their breasts violently as Chloe and Camryn moan for their lives. Chloe's stream floods the diaper so much that it goes behind Camryn's rear end.

The same goes for Camryn, and Chloe starts placing two of her fingers down on Camryn's pussy. Chloe inserts her fingers and moves them back and forth violently. Camryn takes her hand to Chloe's pussy and inserts her fingers as well. Camryn takes her free hand and places it on Chloe's breasts. She starts rubbing back and forth, and Chloe does the same for Camryn. As both the girls play with each other, they leak uncontrollably and cum all over each other. Chloe then eases herself over to Camryn, and starts licking the cum off of her breasts. Camryn leaks even more, and starts licking off of Chloe's breasts.

"Up the chemicals to 200% urine production." says OMO-Bot.

This causes the shared diaper to fall off because of the sheer force of their combined piss. their urine streams flood down each other's tits, legs and thighs. Camryn and Chloe look into each other's eyes. Will this be over soon? Do they want it to be over? the vibrators shake their tits and pussies one final time and they cum all over each other. Both of their bodies are covered in white and gold. The two girls start leaking the last of their piss.

"Decrease the chemicals to 0% urine production." says OMO-Bot.

The tables that Chloe and Camryn were cuffed to start moving toward where they came from. they stop moving, and the tables release them. they've been dropped off in the shower room. The two girls wash up and head toward the door when they're done. Inside of that door would be their clothes and their five thousand dollars.

"They weren't lying, were they?" says Chloe.

"I guess not," says Camryn.

Chloe and Camryn get changed into whatever left they have of their clothes, and take their individual five thousand dollars. Chloe makes it back home and counts her money.

"HEY!" says the landlord from outside Chloe's door. "You have my money yet?!"

"Actually... I do. I'll be out in a minute!" says Chloe.

Chloe changes into some different clothes and hands the landlord the money.

"This is the last time you are late to pay rent, am I understood?" says the landlord.

"Yep." says Chloe.

The landlord leaves, and Chloe lies down on her bed.

"What a nightmare..." says Chloe. She then feels strange. she feels... warm. She looks down at her jeans, and then her bed.

"Well shit." says Chloe.

