Hold My Hand

Author: JT Bull

*000*2018-03-26 03:46

Hey to all readers! This is my first attempt at writing male omorashi, so please feel free to leave comments and feedback!

TRIGGER WARNING: CONTAINS UNSPECIFIC DESCRIPTION OF SEXUAL ASSAULT

Seth Carlon never showed any real emotion. He never smiled, never laughed, never screamed, and never, ever cried. His face was just a complete blank of nothing, and he never twitched a muscle on it unless it was truly necessary for him to speak.

But, the soon-to-be seventeen year old wasn't always like that.

Seth was never loud, or was the kind that laughed too much. He was smart and quiet, and sometimes shy, too. But he would always smile and let himself have fun when he was with friends or family.

On the year of his thirteenth birthday, everything changed. Seth became withdrawn and distant, and he spoke less than he did before, which wasn't much, to begin with. By the time he turned fifteen, he was acting like an actual robot-everything was done automatically and systematically, he never stopped to rest or laugh or just relax. On Seth's sixteenth birthday, he became more than impassive, he became cold. He never seemed to care about others, and the few words that managed to escape his mouth every once in a while was always short and blunt, and more often than not, rude.

And no one, no one at all, knew what had happened. Not his classmates, not his friends, not even his family. And of course, with Seth's age and attitude, therapy just wasn't possible-he would never allow it, and his family was too worried and cautious around him to force him into anything.

Seth folded his arms. His mom was taking a hell of a long time just shopping for a pair of sneakers for him. He'd at first refused to come with her, but finally agreed to it if she let him sit in the car while she went to marvel at the hundreds and thousands of shoe designs inside the store, and probably buying herself a few bags of clothes and makeup in the process.

She'd been gone for two hours, and, if Seth had to admit it, he was dying for a piss. But he didn't let that fact get to him. Urinating was a part of everyday life, and it never crossed his mind that he might not make it. He was Seth, after all.

Half an hour later, his mom returned, indeed carrying five shopping bags, four of which contained her new clothes and makeup and shoes. Seth glared and her, tightening his folded arms around his chest. His mom, having spent three years observing his wordless actions, knew he was irritated.

"I'm sorry, Seth, there was just too much to choose from! I wish you'd come with me," she said, sliding into the driver's seat.

Seth wished he had, too. Not because of the shopping, obviously, but because his need to urinate was growing stronger and he would've preferred to go in the mall rather than sit in the car for hours feeling all hot and bothered. The drive home was at least an hour long, since they lived in the countryside, but if they met traffic, it'd probably be another half hour.

Seth crossed his legs, immediately feeling better, and looked out of the window.

"Oh, and by the way, we're gonna eat out for dinner, so we're meeting your dad, Aiden, Jack, and Ava by the gas station," his mom said.

Great, they weren't even going home.

Forty-five minutes later, they pulled into the parking lot next to Ally's Diner, which was Ava's favorite restaurant. Seth did not like his fourteen year old sister's tastes, but he would tolerate another round of meatball spaghettis and heavy hamburgers if it meant he didn't have to speak. He hated speaking. It was a waste of energy and effort to try and get people to understand him, and he knew no one ever would.

"Oh, wait. Mind if I drive over to the gas station first? It'll only take a while."

Of course Seth minded. But the grunt that he allowed as an answer didn't transfer much of a message, so his mother assumed that he was fine with it and drove off.

Maybe he could use the bathroom at the gas station, but Seth knew he wouldn't bother, because going would mean opening his mouth to explain where he was going, and he didn't want any more interaction with anyone any more than he already had. Not even his mother.

Ten minutes later, his mom parked the car beside the gas station, and left Seth in the car, because it was his typical wish to do as little as possible. However, Seth was regretting his habit, as he could feel urges pinging into his bladder. He hadn't drunk much, but it was quite some hours-ten, to be exact-since he felt the very first nudges in his bladder. It was just that the nudges had become much stronger as he was waiting for his mom to shop. And now, urges were literally slamming into his bladder in a very uncomfortable way.

His mom came walking back half an hour later, talking on the phone, and Seth cursed her silently for taking so long and using the phone, which delayed another five minutes to an actual bathroom. He changed his position, crossing his other leg over the previous one, and realized it wasn't helping as much as he'd hoped. Still, his need to pee wasn't the main thing on his mind.

Jamie didn't even apologize to her son this time, but started the engine immediately and drove back to the Ally's Diner, which, by now, had a parking lot full of cars, and required twenty minutes of waiting before they got a parking space. By then, Seth was feeling very uncomfortable, especially with the diagonally placed seatbelt he had on, which meant that it pressed down onto the right side of his bladder.

His bladder still wasn't his first priority, though. His priority was getting back home as soon as he could and back into the safe confines of his room. That, would always and forever be his priority.

Mother and son exited the car, with Jamie leading, which meant she missed the slight grimace taking over Seth's mildly handsome features as gravity took a pull on his bladder. The sky was darkening as evening took over, and Seth couldn't help but shiver as he remembered the events that had happened a week after his thirteenth birthday, continuously until after his fifteenth birthday. They headed into the restaurant and found the rest of the family seated in a round booth in a corner, having already ordered their chosen meals.

Jamie ordered Seth's usual for him, knowing he didn't like talking.

Seth was frowning as a particularly large urge jabbed into his bladder. He wouldn't call it desperation, but it was close. His abdomen muscles were starting to hurt, and he didn't like the achy feeling at all.

The food came within fifteen minutes, and Seth felt tense even as he looked at the large glass of fruit punch he usually had placed in front of him. His don't-bother attitude was quickly turning into uneasiness. He needed the bathroom, and he wanted to go back to his room. That was all he knew.

Not wanting to draw attention to himself, he ate his food and drank his fruit punch, though it was significantly less enjoyable with his pounding bladder sending constant signals that he was to release its fluids very soon.

As the plates were cleared and desserts served, Seth was trying very hard not to move a muscle. His need to go had intensified after drinking the large glass of fruit punch, and he was starting to think he might not make it, even though the fact that he couldn’t control his own body was very hard to accept.

Dessert was finished quickly, and by then, Seth was trembling, his legs jiggling unconsciously under the table. Couldn’t they just leave already? He wanted to go home. He wanted his room. Why couldn’t anyone tell he needed the bathroom?

Unfortunately for the boy, his family started chatting about random stuff like schools and relationships and the latest trends, and he of course, didn’t join in, sitting silently with his arms wrapped tightly around his torso, squirming ever so subtly to keep his bladder in check.

Couldn’t his family hurry? He had to go so, so bad. Everything hurt. His bladder hurt. His lower stomach hurt. His muscles hurt. His chest hurt. His head hurt. He felt like screaming from the pressure, but all he did was unwrap his arms from his torso and place them on either side of himself, gripping the seat with such force that he was sure his hands would leave dent marks on it.

He tried crossing his legs again. It didn’t work.

He tried squeezing his thighs together. It didn’t help, either.

His bladder was reaching its full capacity, but Seth was still too stubborn to speak up about his need. He didn’t want to. He refused to.

“Hey, is Seth okay?”

Seth squeezed his eyes shut, his entire body shaking with the tremendous effort required to stop himself from going right there and then.

“Seth?”

His family had found out. They had found out that he was not okay, but by then, he was wishing they didn’t notice him at all.

All he could hear was the pounding of his heart, his arms aching from clinging so tightly onto the seat. His will to hold on was strong, but his muscles were tired, and they wanted to rest.

Seth could feel it as soon as he lost it.

His eyes flew open, and they darted down to find a dark stain spreading across his crotch. The horror he felt was nothing compared to the sudden shock of his loss of control.

His entire family was staring at him, concerned, so he did the only thing he could think of.

He ran.

He ran and ran and ran, out of the restaurant and down the street to who knew where, the warmth of his urine rushing down his legs distinctly felt against his legs. His head was spinning, and he wanted to stop, but at the same time, he didn’t think he could ever stop.

Finally, he stumbled into an alley, unaware of the dawning darkness that he was usually so scared of. Crashing to the ground in exhaustion and shame, he tried to undo his pants with shaking, numb hands, but when he finally managed to, all he had left in him was a few measly drops.

Seth wasn’t relieved, He was suddenly aware of the pressing darkness, and the memories came crashing back to him as loud and clear as ever, sending his body and mind into overdrive. He started panicking. He could feel the sweat pouring down his forehead and drenching his shirt, his urine cold against his legs. His was alone. In the dark. And-

Seth choked out a scream as someone grabbed him.

He had undone his pants. He hadn’t done them back.

“Little kid, you shouldn’t be displaying that beauty out there and expect me not to play with it,” a voice growled down his ear. Seth could feel his throat closing up.

No, not again. No. This can’t be happening-

“Shut up,” the voice hissed. Seth didn’t know he had been making any noise except for the sound of his shallow breathing. His senses seemed to have heightened and dimmed at the same time.

“Now let me do my stuff.”

Seth was terrified. He was beyond terrified. His body shook violently, and he didn’t even have the strength to try and escape.

He could feel cold, rough hands where they didn’t belong. He could feel skin against skin that shouldn’t be touching.

He couldn’t think straight. It was happening. Again. He thought he had left those memories behind a long time ago. But this was the reality. This was déjà vu. This was what shouldn’t be happening. This was his worst nightmare alive.

Then-“Hey! Leave my brother alone!”

Then the hands were slipping away. And the man was gone.

Seth crumpled to the ground, his heart still palpitating at an alarming speed. His brain couldn’t process what had just occurred, and his was only vaguely aware that he was shaking very unnaturally. He curled up on the hard concrete ground, burying his face in his arms.

“Seth!”

It was Aiden.

His brother touched his arm, and Seth couldn’t help but jerk away from the contact. He’d had enough touching to last a lifetime.

“Hey, Seth. It’s Aiden.”

Aiden sat down beside his brother, who remained curled up on the ground, shivering.

“Take your time,” he said quietly.

And take his time Seth did. A minute passed. Ten minutes. Twenty. Thirty. He didn’t move from his position. Aiden’s phone rang. It was their mom phoning. Aiden shushed her and said he would explain later. Then it was another round of silence.

An hour later, Seth finally shifted. With great difficulty, he sat up, fumbling with his pants, before half turning to his brother avoiding any eye contact, looking so small it broke Aiden’s heart.

“Seth? Can you-do want to say anything?”

Seth didn’t think anyone and asked him that through the last three years of continuous torture. Both mentally and physically.

“Hold my hand,” he whispered.

Aiden was surprised. Seth never really requested for anything. But if holding his hand made him feel better, then he would.

Seth flinched when Aiden took his hand, but let it stay. They were sitting at a distance, but this was the first contact Seth had had that made him feel comforted rather than violated.

So Aiden held his hand.

He held his hand when Seth started crying.

He held it when their family came to get them.

He held it through the entire drive back home.

He let Seth shower in privacy.

Then he held Seth’s hand throughout the night, sleeping beside him, because Seth was his brother, and though questions were swirling around his head, he knew that protecting his family was the most important.

*002*2018-03-27 12:25

{{6 hours ago, AliasnameTO said:

Emotional trauma seems to be an ongoing theme as of late, but it's not unpleasant to read. It just means my desire to hug the pain out of the characters overshadows my ability to enjoy their pee troubles. X.X

This story is very sweet though. At least nothing really bad happened to him the second time around.

}}

Thanks for your comment! Maybe I'll emphasize more on the desperation when I update the second part, I haven't really decided yet. :)

*004*2018-03-28 02:42

{{4 hours ago, 126 said:

Very well written and satisfying: the plot is totally complete even if you wouldn't put the desperation parts.

In my opinion, the reader could identify with the main character, Seth, more and more during the reading, ending in a complete immersion. At least, that was what I experienced.

By the way, being a victim of abuse, I totally relate to this story. Mind if I ask you if you had ever felt the emotions you depicted yourself? Or have you ever read/saw something about this topic? (you don't have to answer obviously, just curious)

}}

To be honest, I haven't experienced anything like it, though I've read about it, since I'm aiming to become a psychotherapist in the future. I would truly like to help others who have had such experiences. :)

*006*2018-03-28 13:55

{{6 hours ago, 126 said:

I hope you succeed at your plan on being a psychotherapist: it's a great responsability, as you already know. My therapist was and is more than helpful for my situation: she guided me into a whole new world of understanding my emotions and living peacefully with myself. It' an on-going process.

I really hope you will make it :)

}}

Thank you, I hope so, too. :)

*009*2018-04-07 14:32

{{On 3/30/2018 at 9:45 AM, Sapphire3619 said:

This is just the kind of story I love, and you did a great job with it! I really appreciate the attention you paid to the events after the wetting!

}}

I may care more about my characters than I should. ??

{{On 3/31/2018 at 9:36 PM, Pilly Christal said:

This was a really good story, I enjoyed it. It's an interesting topic when someone has experiences like Seth. I like the desperation in your writing as well, but the best part was the way you wrote about this character. :)

}}

Thank you for your comment! I really hope I can keep this up. ?

*010*2018-04-08 06:22

I've thought about it and think leaving this as a one-shot would be fine. Any thoughts?

*012*2018-04-18 04:59

I'm gonna post a part two soon!

*013*2018-04-18 09:38

.

*015*2018-05-29 10:25

So, I've finally decided against a part two, because, as everyone can see, it's delaying my writing. Sorry to all who've been waiting and hoping for a second part, I'll post a new one-shot soon!

