What Do You Do With a Desperate Sailor: Navy Omorashi Stories

Author: JamesK

*000*2022-10-04 22:50

I’ve been on this site for a very long time as a lurker, but never really contributed very much. But I figure it’s time I try my hand at writing. I will also do fan fiction on request if I am familiar with the series and given a compelling scenario. This series will be comprised of stories that are based on experiences I had or heard about in the American navy, though exaggerated to what I wish I had seen.

There will be discrepancies between the portrayal of the navy in my writing and in real life. All characters and ships are fictional. This is for both anonymity as well as accessibility.

What Do You Do With a Desperate Sailor: Navy Omorashi Stories

A Dead Radio

Airman Sarah Fox hadn’t planned on being in security, but her Leading Petty Officer had insisted it was all part of the process. “Everyone does a stint in security. They need extra help when we’re in port, and most departments can spare a few people,” he had told her when she was temporarily assigned to Inport Security. Fox had joined as an air rate, and felt that she wasn’t in good form for a security member.

She was 5’2” and 130 pounds, with dirty blonde hair tied up in an official-looking navy bun. She had brown doe eyes and slightly below average breasts. Her ass managed to look good even in the camo NWU pants she was wearing, which in her opinion was quite an accomplishment. The overall effect did not leave her looking very formidable, so she was worried that anyone trying to pick a fight would fight her first. The security class hadn’t been too hard, and the schedule would take some getting used to. After completing the class and qualifying on the weapons, Sarah was assigned to Watch Section Four. And now here she was, standing guard on the flight deck of the USS Edith Wilson with a rifle.

Her rifle watch for today would be over at 1200 and it was just after 0800 colors on Sunday morning. After the colors detail had raised the flag, she hadn’t seen another person. Sarah was starting to feel a slight twinge in her bladder. She had called for a chow relief barely an hour ago, and had used the bathroom right after she left her post, but she was already feeling it again. She was reluctant to call for a relief again so soon, mostly because of what Petty Officer Forrester had told her.

He said to only ask for reliefs when absolutely necessary, because there were often many things going on that needed attention and that if one person was asking for too many reliefs people would begin to think they were just trying to get out of watch. Sarah didn’t want to get a reputation for trying to skate by her watch on head breaks, so she contented herself with watching the San Diego harbor. It was full of sailboats on a Sunday morning from people enjoying their weekend. As she watched a seagull dive down to grab a fish out of the water, Sarah felt another twinge and checked her watch. 0830. Damn it. It’s going to be a long post, she thought to herself.

At 09:30, the San Diego harbor had really lost its appeal, as Sarah didn’t even want to look at water. Minutes were trickling by like hours, and she was starting to sweat even though it was a cool September day in San Diego. At 0945, Sarah began to doubt that she could hold it another hour, let alone to the end of her watch. She decided to bite the bullet and request another bathroom relief. She pressed her radio button and her heart stopped. It didn’t beep.

All the radios beeped when you pressed them to indicate transmitting. Sarah pulled the radio off her vest to check the battery. It was turned off. She turned it on and the screen flashed “LOW BATTERY”. She hit the button, the radio gave a half-hearted beep and died. She pulled out the battery and put it back in. The screen flashed “LOW BATTERY” again and turned off. Sarah couldn’t believe it. She must have been so preoccupied with her bladder that she hadn’t even noticed the intermittent beeps the radio makes when it starts to die. She began to reach into her pocket for her phone but stopped herself. She had left her phone in her backpack. Completely at a loss, she stared out over the water and hoped that the watch commander or someone would come by to make a post check.

It was now 1000, and Sarah was telling herself that she’ll be able to hold it. Her relief would be there on time, she only had to hold it for two hours. 15 minutes wasn’t that long, and there were only eight more fifteen minute stretches to wait. Her relief was practically already there. She just had to hold it. She was bouncing on her heels, shaking in her boots. She looked towards San Diego, hoping something would take her mind off of how so very badly she needed to pee.

Sarah was in bad shape by 1030. She was doubling over (as much as you can while carrying a rifle and wearing a Kevlar vest) and periodically darting her free hand to hold herself. Even if her relief got there at the earliest moment she could reasonably expect (1130, half an hour early as some people like to do) it would still be an hour before she could even leave the flight deck, let alone find a head to use before she burst. It was at the point where Sarah was seriously considering just walking off her post and going to the bathroom.

But she just couldn’t bring herself to do it after the warning they had all gotten in their security class. Petty Officer Bradford (the First Class Petty Officer who taught the class) stressed the importance of proper watch standing, and she had said that someone was caught sleeping on watch recently. That individual (an Inport Security member standing the alarm system watch) had been sent up to Captain’s Mast, where he had been given a reduction in rank, pay cut for two months and 45 days of restriction. While sleeping on watch is obviously bad form, Sarah honestly didn’t think it was that big a deal given that on the rare occasion that the alarm system does go off that monitor blares loud enough to wake someone up three doors down the passageway. Considering that they had thrown the book at that guy, she had no reason to believe they would be any easier on her. She would just have to try and make it.

Sarah began trying to turn her radio back on even though she knew it was dead, just hoping that somehow it’ll work again. No such luck. At that moment she felt the first spurt dampen her maroon Pink(tm) panties under her uniform. She shifted her rifle out of the way to check her pants for a stain. At the moment Sarah’s pants appeared dry, though she definitely felt the dampness in her underwear. She started looking around frantically, hoping someone, anyone, would come by who had a phone or a new battery. But as usual, there was no one to be seen. She felt another spurt, this one lasting almost two full seconds. Sarah put her hand on her butt, trying to feel for wetness. She couldn’t feel anything from the outside, but her panties were certainly wet.

Another spurt. And another. Sarah could feel drops of warm urine on her legs, and see the slightest pee stain on the crotch of her pants and the tops of her legs. She checked her watch again; 1050. She felt the last of her hope drain, and her bladder drained with it. She began to pee in earnest, starting with a small but constant stream that turned into an unstoppable river. She could hear the sound of her pee hitting the fabric of her uniform like rain on a tent, and felt the hot liquid streaming down her legs and pooling in her boots. After she had finished, she simply stood there completely still for a solid minute.

Sarah was in pure disbelief at what had just happened. What the hell am I going to do!? she thought to herself. She looked down at her pants, and the damage was pretty bad. Her NWU pants were soaked through the inner thigh of her right leg, and wrapped all the way around below the knee. Urine stained the entire inside of her left leg. The stain extended an inch and a half up from her crotch, and she felt wetness halfway up her ass cheeks. She was standing in a puddle two feet wide, and it would probably be wider if so much hadn’t pooled in her boots. There’s no hiding this. What is everyone going to say? Who can take me seriously after I just pissed myself on watch? And why the do our batteries die so fast?

She felt tears in her eyes, but quickly regained her composure. There was nothing she could have done. An accident was completely unavoidable, as all of her means of communication failed. At least I didn’t abandon my post. They can’t fault me for that.

Not 20 minutes after Sarah’s accident, who should walk up to the flight deck but the watch commander? He was honestly a rather attractive man, Petty Officer Second Class Diego Perez. 5’8”, dark hair and a thin mustache, he looked like a discount Pedro Pascal. She had only been in Section Four for two days, having started Friday morning, so she didn’t have too much of a feeling for exactly what his leadership style was. She just tried to stand in such a way that more of her pee stain was hidden, turning to face Perez. He walked up to her, and Sarah shakily began to give him a post brief. Perez waved her off, saying “that’ll do. Just wanted to check up. Is everything good up here?”

Utter incredulity at her current predicament struck Sarah at that moment, and she just started laughing outrageously. Perez arched an eyebrow, incredibly confused at Sarah’s reaction to his question.

“Are you feeling okay?” He asked again, a hint of concern in his voice now.

Sarah, still half laughing half crying, buried her face in her free hand (keeping her right hand on her rifle at all times as per instruction)

“Wilson…?” Perez asked one more time, before finally taking notice of the stain on Sarah’s pants and the puddle on the flight deck.

“Did you wet your pants? Oh my God are you ok? Are you sick? Why didn’t you call for a relief?” He asked in quick succession.

Sarah, still catching her breath from her choked up laughs, managed to squeak out

“my radio… battery… died like hours ago… tried to call… left my… phone… in my bag… just couldn’t make it. What am I supposed to do?” The last sentence came clearly as she (relatively) regained her composure.

“Alright, take a breath. Just breathe. No one needs to find out about this.” Perez said calmly. He seemed to take a second to form a plan.

“Alright, here’s what you’re going to do. I’ll call down to dispatch and see if your relief can come a little earlier. I’ll tell the oncoming sentry that you’re feeling sick so you won’t even need to talk to him. I’ll walk down with you, you’ll download and go to your berthing. Handle what all you need to do, and call dispatch when you’re done. I’ll let you know if we can cover down and get you the rest of the day off.”

“Thank you,” was all that Sarah could manage in reply. What else was she supposed to say? Her pants really said it all. Ten minutes later her relief was on the flight deck. Perez talked to the sentry while Sarah sat down on a nearby (but out of sight) crate. She heard Perez clap the relieving sentry on the back before he came around the corner.

“Alright Wilson, let’s head down to the armory.”

After a quick download and a shower, Sarah was feeling slightly better. At the very least, Petty Officer Perez had been fairly sympathetic, and she felt confident that no one else would ever know what had happened here.

*005*2022-10-19 03:03

Full disclosure: I’ve never been to the navy ball. But I felt like this was the best idea to fulfill this request-

{{On 10/4/2022 at 9:21 PM, Bf1fan said:

I loved it, you should do one with a female sailor in a dress uniform with a skirt

}}

So here it is.

The Navy Ball

Boatswains Mate Petty Officer Third Class Erin Summers was ready to go to her first Navy Ball. She had tried to avoid it every year previously because she honestly didn’t see the point in going if she couldn’t drink legally. But she had just turned 21 three nights ago, which meant that she was finally allowed to be seen drinking by her chain of command so all bets were off. Erin had strawberry blonde hair that was worth keeping a little long, even if it meant she had to make an increasingly tight bun every day to meet regulation. She had bright blue eyes and freckles, stood about 5’5” and had the kind of figure that made people tell rumors about her. She mostly ignored the rumors, considering the behavior petty and childish. But that didn’t stop her from pulling out all the stops tonight.

Tonight Erin spent at least two hours getting ready. She had her makeup perfect, her hair tied in a tight bun (nothing else you can really do there) and her shoes polished. She had freshly laundered her service dress whites, which she paired with the regulation skirt. Most of the time they would have worn the blue uniform by October, but it was unseasonably warm even for Pensacola this year so the CO had authorized the dress whites tonight. She didn’t know any other enlisted woman who wore the skirt with her uniform, but Erin just preferred it to the slacks.

At that moment, Erin heard a knock at her barracks room door. Her ride had arrived. She was riding with two of her direct coworkers, BM2 Rhodes and BM3 Rodriguez. Rhodes was a taller brunette female second class with a runner’s body. She was a Command Fitness Leader for her department, but mostly focused on the cardio. She had blue eyes and freckles, and floral tattoos that extended all down her left arm and hand. Rodriguez was a Latina third class, who had dark curly hair that framed her face and brown eyes behind rimless glasses. Both of them wore their blues with slacks.

“Are you ready for tonight?” Asked Rhodes teasingly.

“Damn right I am! I didn’t buy food this week so I could save money for drinks.” Erin joked.

“Hell yeah! I’m getting straight wasted tonight!” Rodriguez said enthusiastically.

“As my first official night of drinking, it would be a shame to never have to show the bartender my ID. First drinks on me!”Erin declared proudly.

Rhodes and Rodriguez mock cheered at this statement and piled into Rhodes’s car.

Twenty minutes later they were pulling into the parking lot at the venue. All around were sailors in full dress uniform, taking pictures before going in or outside smoking in groups. The girls saw the BMCS from their department and gave him a quick greeting before beelining to the bar inside. True to her word, Erin bought tequila shots for Rhodes and Rodriguez and passed them around.

“All right, on three… ready? One… Two… three!” They slammed the shots and Erin made a face.

“Whoo. That’ll wake you up.” Erin gasped out through the burn in her throat.

Rodriguez and Rhodes (seeming entirely unaffected) just looked at each other and grinned.

“What the hell are you two smirking at?” Erin demanded.

“Oh just your innocent face.” Rhodes said.

“Yeah, you act like you haven’t been drinking tequila every night since you were thirteen.” Rodriguez added.

“What, and you have?” Erin asked.

“… I feel like you want me to say no.” Said Rodriguez with a smirk.

They all laughed at that, and let the drinks flow.

“Alright, we might want to cool it.” Rhodes said after the third round of drinks.

“We’ll have to be at least a little sober during the dinner speeches. I’m cutting myself off at least so I can drag your asses to the right rooms tonight.”

“Fuck that I’m tryna get hammered.”Rodriguez said with utmost confidence.

They all had another laugh, but kept to water for a while all the same. All that water and alcohol didn’t take long to reach Erin’s bladder.

“Rodriguez, do you want to go to the bathroom real quick?” Erin asked.

“No, no, we got to hold out for a while. You know breaking the seal and whatnot?” Said Rodriguez.

“Yeah and the line’s pretty long right now. Maybe it’ll be better after dinner.” Rhodes said, looking up at the bathroom doors.

Erin muttered in agreement, thinking to herself I can wait that long.

At 1900, they all settled in at their table and listened to the officers and chiefs give their speeches, and finally ate. While Rhodes had stayed true to her word and stopped drinking so she could drive home, Rodriguez and Erin were under no such self-imposed limits. Erin’s head was getting fuzzy, and Rodriguez was starting to slur her words and space out. Erin’s bladder was getting worse for wear, and she asked Rodriguez again,

“Do you want to head to the bathroom now? I really need to break the seal.”

Rodriguez looked to the bathroom line and made a face.

“That line still doesn’t look any shorter.”

“What?!” Erin said incredulously.

She looked over and saw the line looking even longer than it was before dinner.

What could possibly be taking everyone so long? She thought.

“We should probably go ahead and get in line anyway,” Rhodes said.

“There’s no guarantee that it’ll get shorter at this point.”

Erin and Rodriguez nodded in agreement, and the three women took their place in the back of the line (Rodriguez stumbling a little.) There were at least twenty other women ahead of them. This might not end well. Erin thought anxiously.

In the ten minutes since they had gotten in line, they had only moved up by three people.

“Oh, what in God’s name is taking so damn long?!” Rodriguez said after the fourth woman walked out.

“Let me ask her.” Rhodes said, tapping the woman who had just left on the shoulder as she walked out.

“What’s up with this line, why is it moving so slow?”

“Well, there are only three stalls in there. One is out of order, and…” the woman looked around as if checking it anyone was listening.

“And I think someone is fucking in the other one!” She whispered.

“You’re kidding!” Erin exclaimed with disbelief.

“Who does that shit in a public bathroom?” Rodriguez asked angrily, slurring a little bit.

At that moment, a female MAC walked past the line and into the bathroom.

“Well, it looks like somebody snitched out the lovebirds.” Rhodes said.

The MA walked out two minutes later, pulling a male airman by the neckerchief with a female deck seaman following closely and quickly spouting off excuses. Just shut up lady, nothing can really help your case here. Erin thought. Maybe now this line will finally start moving.

The line did not start moving. After three more women (and ten more minutes) Erin pulled another exiting woman off to the side and asked why it was moving so slowly.

“That MA marked the stall those two were doing it in out of order. So now we’re down to just one stall.” The woman replied.

Everyone close by groaned at that, and Erin crossed her legs tightly under her skirt. She saw another one exit and thought to herself just twelve more. Rodriguez bent forward a little bit and put her head in her hands.

“I don’t feel so good,” she mumbled, starting to sound seriously inebriated.

“Jesus, Rodriguez, how much did you drink?” Rhodes asked.

“I might have pre-gamed a little… or a lot HRRRMM… I need to throw up.”

Rodriguez started briskly walking toward the door, Rhodes following her.

Erin stayed in line, hoping (maybe naively) that Rodriguez and Rhodes would be back relatively quickly. A buzz on her phone dispelled that thought. It was a text from Rhodes. I’m driving Rodriguez home. Do you want to head home now or try to find another ride?

Erin looked at the line and saw eleven people in front of her.

Can you wait to leave until after I go to the bathroom? I really have to pee. Erin sent in response.

She needs to get home, she’s fucking gone. It’s only like twenty minutes away.

Erin read Rhodes’s reply and sighed.

I probably wait twenty minutes… maybe forty. She grappled in her mind, trying to make a decision. Do I really want to try and get another ride home?… no, I’d better just go ahead and leave with Rhodes.

Having made up her mind to leave, Erin sent Rhodes a text saying she’ll be right there and turned away to exit the line. She had only walked a few steps before she felt her first leak escape her and dampen her grey Calvin Kline panties. She stopped and crossed her legs even more tightly and pressed her hands into her crotch.

Once she regained control she walked at a brisk pace to where Rhodes had parked the car and saw Rodriguez doubled over and still vomiting in the bushes.

Rhodes caught sight of Erin walking her way and asked

“All set to leave? I know you have to pee, I do too, but that line is ridiculous and Rodriguez clearly needs to go home.”

“You’re right, just please drive fast.” Erin responded.

“No problem Summers.”

With that, they all hopped in the car, Rodriguez in the back seat with the window open and Erin in the front with her hands buried in her lap. After ten minutes Erin felt another spurt. Another after thirty seconds.

“Please hurry Rhodes I’m starting to lose it!” Erin pleaded.

“We can make it.” Rhodes assured her, but accelerating nonetheless. As they got close to the base gate, Rhodes glanced at Rodriguez in the rear view mirror. She was passed out drunk.

“Try and wake up Rodriguez real quick, I don’t want her passed out when the sentry sees us.”

Erin turned around in her seat (wincing as she felt yet another spurt wet her panties) and shook Rodriguez’s shoulder.

“Hey wake up, we’re nearly there.”

“I need to pee Rhodes.” Rodriguez mumbled in response.

“We all need to pee, just hold on a little longer.” Rhodes said tersely.

When the gate was in view they saw three cars in front of them in line. Erin leaked once again, this time peeing almost three full seconds before she clamped it down.

That one definitely soaked through to my skirt she thought, tears starting to fill her eyes. Her underwear was clinging wetly to her ass, and though she couldn’t see it she felt there must be a pee stain the size of a baseball on the back of her skirt. She had almost certainly gotten urine on the seat beneath her as well. The gate MA checked Rhodes’s ID and waved them through without incident, but as soon as they got through the gate Erin’s dam burst completely. She started peeing freely in her panties, feeling the hot piss pooling around her ass and soaking her skirt and the seat beneath her with a quiet hssss.

The pee wicked its way up the back of her skirt, almost to the waistband and started running off the front of the seat onto the floorboard. Once Rhodes heard the pee dripping onto the floorboard she glanced towards Erin’s wet lap and made a kind of resigned grimace.

“It’s alright Summers.” She said quietly.

“I’m sorry,” Erin whispered, still peeing herself. As she felt piss filling her freshly polished shoes she finally began to taper off, the tank completely empty. The whole thing took less than a minute, but to Erin it felt like eternity.

“It’s alright Summers.” Rhodes repeated. “You don’t have to apologize.”

“But your car…” Erin began weakly.

“It was due for a cleaning anyway,” Rhodes said bracingly.

“I’d better get Rodriguez home first, it might take both of us to get her inside.”

“… I’m awake Rhodes.” Rodriguez mumbled from the back seat.

“You are?” Erin asked, suddenly panicked.

“Don’t worry about it. We’ve all been there before.” Rodriguez slurred out, barely coherent.

They pulled up to Rodriguez’s barracks building, and Rhodes helped her out of the car. Rhodes walked with her all the way to her room, and once she was satisfied that Rodriguez was safe she walked back to her car and tapped on the passenger window. Erin rolled it down, not even looking up at her.

“Yeah?”

“Just watch me,” Rhodes said.

Erin looked up quizzically at her, before seeing a relieved expression cross Rhodes’s face. She then looked at Rhodes’s white dress pants and half gasped, half laughed to see the wet stain starting to spread there.

“What’re you…?” Erin started to ask, incredulous that Rhodes was actually peeing in her pants at this very moment.

“There was no way I was going to make it to your room before it burst. And now we’ve both wet ourselves,” Rhodes said, completely matter-of-factly. She was still peeing, streams running down her legs to form a rippling puddle at her feet. The white dress pants were becoming translucent, making Rhodes’s black panties somewhat visible through the stain. She placed her arms crossed at the window and put her head on them, seeming perfectly content while she fully emptied her bladder in her pants. Erin was completely speechless, but quickly became filled with gratitude. Whatever Rhodes had said, Erin knew that she had just wet herself to make her feel better. After Rhodes finished peeing, she shook her feet like a character in The Sims and stepped back to look at her puddle.

“Wow that’s a lot,” she said. “Is it super noticeable?” After asking, Rhodes stepped away from the car and turned to show Erin her ass. It was drenched, the urine having wicked upwards a little bit while she had peed.

“I’m pretty sure anyone who sees you will know exactly what happened… but thanks,” Erin said, still not sure how best to express her gratitude to her friend.

“Ah well. I think I have some plastic bags in the back to sit on.”

Rhodes got some empty shopping bags out of her trunk and placed them on her driver seat before sitting down. They spent the rest of the ride to Erin’s room in silence. When they arrived, Erin stepped out of the car and turned to face Rhodes again.

“I just wanted to say thank you again for… you know.”

“Don’t mention it. I wouldn’t want people to know that I and only I peed myself tonight. So I’d really appreciate you not telling anyone.”

Erin chuckled softly at that, shut the door behind her and walked up to her room to take a very necessary shower and go to bed.

*008*2022-12-07 17:30

Has it been two months already? I have a few more story ideas for this series, but not many more. I’ll try to be a little better about sitting down to write in the future.

Urinalysis

It was Petty Officer Third Class Sophia Velasco’s first day back on the USS Jason Bourne (DDG-27) after returning from New Years leave. She had been to visit her family in San Antonio, and had enjoyed the break from the bleak and snowy Norfolk weather. Sophia loved running and she was fit and lean to show for it. She was 5’5”, and had black hair worn in a wavy bob that almost touched her shoulders. Once she stepped of the brow onto the ship, Sophia headed to her berthing to change into her blue underway uniform.

They were more comfortable than the NWUs in her opinion, but the CO was very insistent that the blue underway uniforms only be worn onboard. This led her and many others to walk from their barracks in the camo navy working uniforms until they could change on the ship. She walked to her division’s muster location and began chatting with her friends, just general welcome back stuff before 0630 muster. At exactly 0630, the ship’s PA announced liberty expiration and quarters. Her shop came to attention and listened to the morning announcements from the department LCPO, Master Chief Coleman.

Master Chief was a shorter muscular Black man with an intimidating looking mustache, but he was nevertheless a kind leader. He was one of the chiefs who actually meant it when he said he had an open door policy, and the whole department actually enjoyed working for him. Morning quarters was nothing of real note, but the entire shop groaned at one phrase- “command urinalysis sweep.” It happened at least once a year, yet somehow it always managed to be incredibly slow and inconvenient for all involved.

“Well this year, we’re not going to let it hinder us so much.” Master Chief Coleman said.

“We’re going to set up a specific times for each person to provide their sample. Make sure you have to go when your time comes.”

After they broke from quarters, Sophia was about to walk over and put her name on an early slot; she already had to pee a little bit. But she was stopped in her tracks by Chief Johnson, a bald white Chief who always seemed to find something that needed doing or a reason for everyone to stay at the shop until 1600.

“How was leave Velasco?”

“It was fine Chief.”

“That’s good. I’m going to need you to start giving Seaman Forrest OJT, he has to start getting up to speed or we’re going to be short on qualified people.”

“Copy Chief.”

“And make sure to grab bleach and cleaning supplies from HAZMAT before cleaners starts. Our work center better be spotless when I come by.”

“Copy Chief.”

Velasco turned around to see a long queue to sign for urinalysis. She stepped up to the sheet and sighed. All of the early slots were taken, her first slot was at 10:00. At least I’ll have time to go right now. I’ll just have to make sure to be able to pee again at 10:00.

With that, she signed her name and went to work.

Sophia walked towards HAZMAT (stopping to use the head on the way) and grabbed the cleaning supplies. They always had cleaning stations every day for exactly half an hour, regardless of how clean the workcenter really was. It was one of the most pointless things she felt they had to do, at least when they were in port. She walked into her workcenter and saw a few other sailors standing around holding brooms or foxtail brushes waiting for the morning announcements. After the CO called his announcements over the 1MC the crew got to work, and as usual were finished less than fifteen minutes in. At that point they all stood talking about the holidays, occasionally sweeping at nothing to look busy in case Chief Johnson came by. After cleaning stations were secured, Sophia saw SN Forrest start to walk off.

“Hey Forrest!”

She called after him.

“We need to work on your OJT, Chief Johnson told me to get you ready.”

Seaman Jacob Forrest was a tall scrawny white guy who had been at the command almost three months and had barely even gotten started with his qualifications. He had a pale freckled face and light brown hair getting too long for standards.

“Oh, actually I have an early slot for urinalysis. I need to start heading over there, they’re doing it out of the admin building on base,”

Forrest replied, barely even looking back.

“Do you have a study guide?”

Sophia asked him.

“No.”

“Alright, I’ll give you my old one, just read it while you’re in line to provide your sample and we’ll go over the line items on the qualification when you get back. I’m not trying to waste any time today.” Sophia said briskly, pulling her old study packet out of her binder while she spoke.

“Alright, just chill out, we’ll get to it when I get back.” Forrest said more defensively than necessary. Sophia rather doubted that Forrest was actually going to look at the study guide at all, but at least she could say that she tried to get him to work. As he walked away, she figured she could at least get on the computer and check her emails or web training until she could sit down with Forrest to help him train.

But when she got to her shop, Sophia saw that all the were computers taken. She quickly glanced at what each of them was doing, but no one was doing anything she felt she could ask them to stop for her. She simply sat down on her phone and waited for a computer to open up. As the minutes trickled by, Sophia felt her bladder start to fill and checked her watch. 0810. I had better wait. Make sure I can provide my sample, I always have trouble peeing in front of someone she reasoned, content with continuing to wait for a computer. After another ten minutes a computer finally opened up and Sophia checked her emails and admin websites to see if she was on any late lists. It was 0900 by the time she was done, and she looked around. Forrest was nowhere to be seen. “Hey Morales, have you seen Forrest?” Sophia asked the man sitting at the next computer, a dark-haired petty officer signing off on maintenance he had completed that morning.

“No, he might be getting tested at urinalysis. His slot was for 0915.”

“0915? Dude, he left at like 0745 to head over there. Where the hell has he been all this time?” She asked, her surprise at his brazen attempt to get out of work fading almost as soon as the words left her mouth. She felt another, stronger urge from her bladder, and elected to ignore it. Sophia decided to go check the sign out sheet for urinalysis, and sure enough Forrest was listed for 0915.

“That little bastard managed to skate all morning,” she muttered under her breath. She walked the workspaces she knew him to frequent, trying to see if she could find out where he had spent all morning. All the while, her need was getting more pronounced. She gave up after 0915, knowing that by then Forrest would actually be getting tested. Sophia was at the point where she normally would definitely be heading to the bathroom, but she knew if she went right now she wouldn’t be able to provide her sample.

She went back to the main workcenter and studied her next qualification, legs crossed subtly under a desk. Twenty minutes went by and Sophia was starting to bounce on her heels, a constant pressure building and making it difficult for her to focus on anything else. When her watch finally hit 0945, Sophia got up to to head off of the ship before suddenly realizing the obvious blunder she had made: she still hadn’t changed back into her navy working uniform. The quarterdeck wouldn’t let her leave the ship in her underway uniform, she would have to change quickly before she drove to the admin building. Sophia briskly walked to her berthing, then stopped halfway there.

A sudden urge had overtaken her, and she doubled over trying to keep control until the wave subsided. She had to stop another time before reaching her berthing, almost leaking on that occasion. When she made it to her rack, she quickly yanked her uniform down and involuntarily let out a small spurt when she crouched down to take her boots off. With her uniform off, the quarter sized wet spot she had left on her light blue Hanes panties was on clear display.

After she had put on her NWUs Sophia briefly considered stopping in the head to relieve some of the pressure, but checked her watch. 0952. It took ten minutes to walk to the admin building in the best conditions, and she really didn’t want to be late considering she still had conducted zero training with Forrest. She seriously doubted she would be able to pee a little bit and not fully empty anyway.

Sophia rushed off toward the admin building, not making eye contact with anyone so as to avoid any potential conversation. She made it off the ship with no issue, but when she stopped at the crosswalk leaving the pier she felt another spurt of pee escape her, leaving her panties feeling noticeably wet. She started frantically and repeatedly pushing the cross button, almost sprinting away when the light turned green.

When Sophia entered the admin building, her heart fell. There were at least fifty people in line, assorted men and women in differing levels of urgency visible. She looked ahead to the front of the line, and saw that there was only space for four observers to provide samples to (two men and two women). There were a total of eight people running it, four handling the paperwork and four observers.

At the center of the paperwork table was a Latina chief with the name Lopez on her uniform and a radio labeled “CDO” clipped to her cargo pocket. Sophia doubled over and leaked again, dribbling for at least two full seconds before she managed to clench it with her hand’s buried in her crotch. This can’t be real Sophia thought, hoping that thinking it would make it not real. A few places ahead of her, she saw a Black woman petty officer doubled over as well, whispering “IhavetopeeIhavetopee,” over and over like it would help.

After ten minutes in line, (with only two women providing in that time) Sophia heard a blonde woman farther down pleading with the observers.

“I’m seriously about to piss my fucking pants, what’s taking so long?”

Chief Lopez looked over the crowd and said

“Alright, anyone who needs to go right now, come over to the front of the line. If you can hold it, just let some people in front of you.”

Sophia rushed forward with the Black girl (who Sophia weakly noted to have the name Wright on her uniform) lagging behind holding herself. Sophia reached the table first and then doubled over, holding herself tightly and breathing quickly, almost hyperventilating. A female observer to the right of Chief Lopez said

“I can take Little (the blonde girl who had spoken up) right now, the other observer should be back in a minute and you can go with her, Velasco.” Wright looked at Velasco and seemed to judge that she indeed was more desperate than herself and nodded. Little frantically filled out the paperwork with one hand (the other buried between her legs) and the observer said “still make sure everything is correct, don’t want to waste your time here.” Little nodded with a quiet whimper and grabbed a sample cup out of the box, turning on her heel to hobble over to the female head. After Little disappeared around the corner, Sophia saw a male sailor walking out of the corridor holding his plastic cup with his urine sample above his head as per instruction. The way it sloshed around in the cup taunted Sophia, and the satisfied relief on the man’s face was the straw that broke the camel’s back.

Sophia felt herself go numb, pee bursting out of her like a cup overflowing. Her blue panties were quickly saturated; urine was pouring through the fabric and streaming down her tightly pressed legs, which were joined at the knees with her feet spread about a foot apart. Unfortunately, her stance just made her pee stain wider, spreading out from her crotch to cover almost the entire front of her camo uniform pants.

As her urine poured down her legs some of it dripped down to the floor after reaching her knees, splattering with a loud and obvious noise. Once Chief Lopez heard the pee hitting the floor, she jumped to her feet and ordered everyone to look away while rushing to Sophia’s side. Sophia was completely unable to stop the flow, any pee that wasn’t dripping straight to the floor from either her knees or her ass continuing to trickle down her calves, soaking her socks and pooling in her boots. Lopez put her hand on Sophia’s shoulder and began to guide her away from the line and down the hallway.

Sophia stumbled along, still peeing as they walked for about thirty seconds before she finally tapered off. By then they had reached an office with a placard that read “CDO BUNKROOM.” Lopez walked through the door to the room and directed Sophia to stand in the hall where there was no carpet. The carpeted room had a desk with a tv on it and a bare bed on the side. There was a landline phone on the desk as well, and a charging station that the base radios utilized. Lopez pulled a towel out of her backpack, placed it on the chair to the desk and told Sophia to take a seat.

“You’re lucky I’m on CDO duty today, I don’t normally have anything but paperwork in my backpack”

Lopez said. Her tone was not exactly comforting, but not condescending or angry. She sounded mostly businesslike. Sophia didn’t really know how to respond to that; she felt like a little schoolgirl sent to the nurse’s office for pissing herself in class.

Lopez sighed.

“As it is, I have a change of clothes and some toiletries to take a shower. Do you live in the barracks?”

Sophia simply nodded, still unable to speak.

“Alright. The female head on the other side of this hallway has a shower. Go clean yourself up, and go back to your room. You can change there and come back to provide your sample at after lunch. We’ll close at 1430, so make sure you get back in time. What division are you in?”

“Supply…” Sophia managed to whisper.

Lopez grunted in affirmative, then said

“I’ll talk to your chief, don’t worry about missing work. Just get cleaned up, compose yourself and make sure to be back before 1400. The CDO cell phone number is in the directory next to the landline. Give the clothes a wash after you change and call that number so you can drop them off. I’ll be here all night, just call or text before you head over here so I can get them back from you.”

“Thank you Chief,” Sophia muttered, barely able to look up.

“You’re welcome. We need to take care of our sailors. Take as much time as you need, but remember- 1400, you still need to provide.”

As Lopez walked out and closed the door Sophia buried her head in her hands, then quickly sat up straight as putting her elbows on her legs made her feel the rapidly cooling pee stain on her lap. She stared down at that stain, trying to will it to disappear and make the past ten minutes reverse itself. She leaned her head back, feeling the cold wet fabric on her ass and wishing badly that she could be standing at that table on the building quarterdeck; dry and holding her damn urinalysis sample in her hand.

Sophia looked at her watch- 10:38. Almost lunchtime, she thought to herself, though she was not at all hungry at the moment. She waited another twenty minutes until she felt she was satisfactorily dry enough to walk the halls without drawing attention to herself, then stood up. When Sophia took her first step she felt her wet socks squelch in her boots and grimaced. However she knew it would not get any better until she took them off. She tried to walk as normally as possible, but it was difficult with her wet panties clinging to her and the puddles in her boots.

She made it to the shower and sat down on the bench inside, pulling her boots off and pouring the urine out into the drain. She then stripped down and took a very long hot shower. Having already showered that morning before work, she only focused on scrubbing the lower half of her body, then simply stood in the hot water taking calming breaths. Sophia dressed in Chief Lopez’s spare clothes and prepared to take the walk back to her barracks, her wet uniform wrapped in the towel. There was unfortunately only one door out that was not an emergency exit- the one that the urinalysis line was in front of.

Sophia braced herself and walked past the line, thankful that most of the people who had been in line when she had her accident were either already gone or were far enough toward the back that they hadn’t seen her face when she left. The observers and Chief Lopez, however, were all still at the table. Sophia steadfastly refused to make eye contact with any of them, quietly dreading that she would have to stand in front of them in a few hours after wetting her pants right in front of their table. She could smell the cleaning chemicals and see the “WET FLOOR” sign where her puddle had been, and turned red in the face.

When Sophia returned at 1400, in a clean uniform and boots borrowed from her roommate (with a flimsy lie of an excuse) not one of them said anything about her accident. They seemed almost as embarrassed as she was, but otherwise did not acknowledge at all that they had in fact already observed her urinate that day; just in her uniform pants rather than a sample cup. Over the next few days Sophia waited for what she thought was the inevitable teasing, but it never came. It turned out that almost everyone felt that the fault was entirely on the Urinalysis Coordinator for not having enough observers, and no veiled insults or snide remarks were sent her way. In fact, the only reminder she ever had about that day was the next time they did a command urinalysis- they had six observers that time.

*010*2022-12-09 16:51

{{6 hours ago, writeandleft said:

My friend had that happen to her, but she was wearing whites and had to walk back to her barracks wet. Whites become see through. Navy uniforms were different in the nineties and we didn’t have blue camouflage.

}}

Hell, in the wrong light whites are see through when dry. I hope she didn't feel too bad about having an accident though, I wrote up this scenario because I felt it was very likely to have happened before.

