Lauren's Bus Ride

Author: Jaieee

*000*2021-07-25 01:08

"It's only a 20 minute bus ride" Lauren thought as she locked her front door. The pain of her bladder had just become noticeable, but it was nowhere near the desperation she had experienced in the past. Lauren had drank 3 glasses of water today, but she had only been to the bathroom once. She could feel her bladder with each step on her way to the bus stop, but this did not worry her. As she reached the bench, Lauren glanced at her phone to make sure she hadn't missed her bus. It was almost 2pm and the bus was scheduled at 2:03. Lauren leaned against the pole and casually crossed her legs. She was nowhere near having an accident, but occasionally, the urge would hit her and Lauren had to tighten her pelvic muscles to refocus.

Annoyed at her bladders insistence, Lauren mused, "I've held for way longer and was just fine." She shifted her weight from one leg to the other just as an older woman joined her on the corner. The two ladies exchanged smiles and continued to wait for the bus. Lauren's bladder was starting to hurt more. Her olive green skirt clung tightly around her hips. It wasn't quite dark enough to hide a wet patch, but her grey leggings underneath would help conceal any leaks that might happen.

As the bus arrived, Lauren forgot abput her need to pee, and boarded the mostly empty bus. She sat in one of the side facing seats in the middle of the bus. She squeezed her thighs together and watched the storefronts pass by the window. Lauren was still not worried about the possibility of peeing her pants, though her bladder had become a constant nagging feeling. Lauren began to daydream and remembered the last time she rode the bus. She was going home from college last winter on a greyhound bus and decided to skip the dirty restroom facilities at the station and wait until she got to he parents house. She quickly hopped in her rental car and started driving, but soon realized she was going to piss herself if she didn't stop ASAP. Not wanting to ruin the seats of a car she didn't own, she found the nearest exit and headed to a grocery store. Lauren's legs jiggled frantically as she parked, and she dashed awkwardly towards the store without locking the car.

She hadn't been in this store many times, so Lauren went right to the cashiers and pleaded to know where the bathroom was located. The cashier pointed to the far corner and Lauren walked as fast as she could without drawing attention to herself. Her tight jeans were unforgiving and pressed against her bladder with each step. As soon as Lauren saw the restroom sign, she clenched her muscles but was unable to stop the steady stream of pee soaking her panties. Lauren hurried into the bathroom and was relieved to find it empty, but her bladder gave in and Lauren began pissing through her jeans onto the floor, just inside the doors of the bathroom. She moved towards a stall as her pants darkened between her legs. "Fuck no, fuck!" Lauren cried and pulled down her pants, pissing on the floor before finally reaching the toilet. Her jeans were dark luckily, but you could tell she wet herself if you looked closely, so Lauren still left the store as fast as she could.

Lost in the memory of her accident, Lauren had missed her stop. She pulled the cord to get off at the next stop. This meant she would have to walk 4 more blocks to get to the bank. Lauren was reaching max capacity and was becoming very uncomfortable. She reassured herself that it wouldn't be much longer and headed up the street to finish her errand. There were only a few people at the bank, but they were taking a considerable amount of time. Lauren sat in a vinyl chair along the wall and silently shook her foot. She imagine what it would feel like to let go in that chair and have an accident in front of everyone. How the wetness would fall over the smooth chair and splash onto the floor. She was becoming more desperate and found it hard to keep her thoughts straight. Finally she was called forward. She spoke with the bank teller for a while and deposited her check, trying not to do any funny pee dances. At last, she was free to head home.

Lauren walked back down the street and was horrified when she saw her bus taking off just a block from where she was. She hurried towards the bus stop despite knowing she wouldn't make it in time. Lauren also began to worry if she was going to make it to the bathroom in time. The next bus was 10 minutes away. Maintaining control was becoming her only thought and it was becoming obvious that she needed to go. Lauren sat down on the bench and stuck her hands between her legs.

Her ass wiggled back and forth to distract her from the increasing pain of holding. Her pelvis ached for even a little bit of relief. Lauren lowered her head and carefully relaxed her muscles until she felt her underwear dampen. Her fingers pressed against her crotch and she looked up just in time to see a man approaching the bus stop. Her hand darted back to her side.. He looked to be about 45, more than 2 decades older than Lauren. She found him very handsome, but was more concerned about getting home in a timely manner.

The gentleman stood a few feet from the bench and glanced at Lauren's legs bouncing up and down. Lauren avoided eye contact, but knew the man was watching her. She squeezed her legs together again and could feel the wet patch underneath her skirt. Her legs trembled as she fought against the urge to keep wetting herself. She stood up, not wanting to get carried away, and walked further away from the man. She took small steps and looked at her phone to distract her. Only 5 more minutes. Her body was on full alert holding back her pee, but she was becoming more and more aroused by the second. She could feel her pussy dripping onto her already peed panties.

Lauren's hips moved back and forth and the older man nearby watched her with intrigue. Lauren crossed her legs and looked over at the man. To her surprise, he was already staring at her, and flashed her a coy smile. Lauren's face went flush as she imagined what his body would feel like pressed against hers. Her body reminded her of the desperate situation she was in, and Lauren quickly turned her body away from the man. Her body continued to dance slightly in a desperate attempt to keep her leggings dry.

"Know what time the bus comes?" The man asked as he stepped towards her. Lauren was startled by his voice and began leaking in her underwear again. She strained to regain control as she replied "Soon, I hope!" The man stayed a couple steps behind her and watched as Lauren put her hand back between her legs. Her movements were becoming more frantic.

Her breath quickened as the bus turned the corner and headed for their stop. It was taking all of Lauren's energy to keep from having an accident. Her bladder ached and she was disappointed to see all the bus seats were taken. Lauren found a place to stand near the back doors, and the older man stood behind her , watching her skirt intently.

Lauren needed one hand to hold onto the bus railing, making it harder to hide her urgent need to pee. Her legs twisted together and she continued to wiggle her hips. More people boarded the bus and all the passengers shifted closer together. The older man was standing close to Lauren, turned slightly towards her. He could see her shifting back and forth. The bus was full so the man took a step closer to Lauren. Their bodies were nearly pressed together. Lauren looked up at him and half smiled, hoping he wouldn't notice her free hand shoved between her legs. She lowered her eyes and imagined his bare chest hovering above her. "What if I took him home?" she pondered... Her soaked panties brushed against her clit.

Lauren quickly snapped out of it as the bus came to a stop and the driver got off to switch with another employee. Lauren clenched her jaw and took a deep breath, meanwhile the man studied her awkward posture. Her legs were crossed and her free hand stayed close to her crotch. He knew the signs of someone desperate to pee, and still had been wishing for a more urgent display from the young girl. His member, hidden by dark jeans, was half erect from standing so close to her petite frame. The new bus driver came aboard and Lauren let out a moan as her body was jerked back into motion. Piss was slowly leaking down her thighs, the wet patch still hidden by her green skirt. Lauren knew the man was watching her every move, and this only aroused her further.

She began to imagine what his fingers would feel like against her wet underwear and couldn't stop herself from pissing a little more. Laurens subtly grinded against her hand, still between her thighs, and she felt her leggings soak through to her hand. She gasped, knowing she had gotten her skirt wet. Lauren straightened her posture and looked down to see a wet patch starting to run down her leg. Several people had left the crowded bus and there were several seats open, but the older man continued to stand withing inches of Lauren, right near the back door of the bus. Lauren's whole body shivered as the bus came to yet another stop.

"Are you alright?" The man asked as he scanned her outfit for dark spots. Lauren had turned slightly and it was clear to the man Lauren was wetting herself. The bus was only two stops away from Lauren's house, and she was starting to lose control. Aroused and embarrassed, Lauren pressed her fingers hard against her pussy. She briefly looked up at the man to tell him she was fine, but the moment she opened her mouth, she knew wasn't. Her wet panties filled with piss and began running down her grey leggings and onto the floor of the bus. Lauren looked down at the mess she was making and tried to explain to the man... "I think I'm going to have an accident.."

She took her hand off the bus railing and used both hands to try and stop her accident. The bus turned slightly and Lauren lost her balance, still pissing all down her legs.

"I can't hold it" Lauren whimpered. The small wet streaks between her legs had slowly grown to cover the entirety of her slender legs.. The older man squeezed his hard cock through his pants and steadied Lauren. It has seemed as though the young girl had finished wetting, but the older man was surprised to notice her wet clothing still streaming with pee. He continued to massage himself with one hand over his pants, and let out a moan as he got closer to finishing. Lauren stopped pissing and straightened her body when she noticed the man touching himself. She was incredibly aroused, but too embarrassed to say anything. Lauren averted her eyes, but continued to listen to the man's heavy breathing. Her accident had gotten her so close to orgasm, and she longed to be touched.

Lauren pulled the cord to get off the bus. She apologized to the man and stepped off the bus, but the man joined her at the stop. He asked for Lauren's number, and she hesitantly gave it to him, hoping they might share a fantasy or two in the future.

