Assassins Creed Syndicate one shots

Author: JacobEvie

*000*2016-10-06 15:04

Desperate assassin. Rewrite due to mistakes.

***

Jacob awoke from his sofa, throwing back the blanket. He stretched his aching muscles, before getting up. He put on his coat, hat and gauntlet, just as Alice joined him.

He smiled at her, knowing full well they would be wed any day soon. Alice was the twin’s childhood friend from Crawley. She was very beautiful now that she had come of age, slim body, with breasts no bigger than his sisters. She was no bigger in height than his sister either. But then again, he wasn’t dating his sister, but a friend the pair had grown up with and even trained with on odd occasions.

Alice returned the smile, before turning on her heel and heading out. She jumped down from the moving train and steadied herself. She watched as Jacob did the same thing.

“So, where to?” she asked.

“The rooks have informed me, that the remaining Blighters have a boat coming in.” Jacob informed her. “Possibly leftovers of Starrick’s poison.”

“Well, we can’t have that now can we?” Alice smirked.

Jacob shook his head, “Of course not. Now then off to the Thames.”

“Wanna race?” Alice asked giddily. “Last one there gets the pints in!”

Jacob thought for a second, there was no way he’d lose. He drew closer to her, putting his hand under her jaw, as he pulled her in for a kiss.

“You’re on!” he smirked, as he pulled away, before hightailing it.

“Cheating bastard!” she yelled playfully, getting a few looks from people passing by.

Not wanting to be left behind she took off at a run, thinking of the best route possible that would take her straight to her location and not come in second place.

It wasn’t long until she reached the running waters of the Thames. She sighed in defeat at who should be waiting for her.

“Took your sweet old time, didn’t you.” Jacob smirked, as Alice came to a stop by his side.

“You cheated, you can’t kiss and run like that!” She scowled, giving him a slap on the arm.

Jacob just laughed, before going over everything.

“I’ll take the ones on the boat, you take those there.” He said, pointing to the Blighters that weren’t on the boat. “And then we’ll take care of the cargo.”

Alice nodded and pulled up her hood. Jacob took his top hat from his head and flattened it, to store it easily in his coat, as he too hooded up.

Alice crept over to the one of the unsuspecting Blighters, she snaked her left arm around to the front on his neck, while her right hand clamped over his mouth. With her hidden blade extended, she pulled it across his neck. The Blighter’s blood gushed out all at once. She dropped the body with a dull thud and went and hid behind some crates.

She stole a quick glance in Jacob’s direction, a smile lined her face as she watched him gut one of the Blighters with his kukri.

“Oi, get that boat unloaded, you fucking cunts.”

Alice quickly turned her attention back to the Blighters, that where now stubbing out their lit fags, all the while moaning and complaining.

“Fucking pissant!”

“Come on you heard ‘im, get this fucking unloaded!”

Alice whipped out a throwing knife, she held it between her fingers and thumb a second, thinking who would be the lucky one to get it. She looked on to see a lone Blighter carrying a crate. He was stood between the boat and shore. Alice decided it was to be him and so she threw the knife, it landed dead on, hitting him right in the middle of the forehead. He fell back with a sharp gasp, taking the crate of goods with him.

“Where the fucks, Will gone?” a fellow Blighter asked, as he too was now joined his friend.

“You bastards leaving me and John to do all the fucking work,” another yelled, as he boarded the boat.

Alice couldn’t help but let out a small laugh, they were totally clueless.

“John!” the last remaining Blighter called out, before noticing a blood trail.

He rounded the crates, until he looked up and saw Alice, who just waved at him.

“You little bitch!” he screamed, pulling out his knife.

Alice dodged his feeble attack and returned it with her own, kneeing him in the balls, he dropped his knife to hold himself. Alice looked down on him with a smirk. She grabbed hold of a fist full of hair and yanked his head back, exposing his neck, as she ran her blade across it. She kicked him to the floor and then shook the blood from her blade before retracting it.

Jacob was all ready and waiting for her, crates of dynamite waited by his feet. Alice jumped across and waited for Jacob to throw her one over, she placed it down near one of the hauls and lit a match. She dropped that lit match and ran. Jacob did the same thing on one of the other boats.

They did the last two, before standing back to admire there reckless handy work. They both pulled back their hoods. Jacob whipped out his top hat and opened up to place it back on his head.

“What do you say we go get a pint, your buying.” He reminded her.

Alice sighed and followed on to the nearest pub in the area.

“Barkeep bring us a two pints of your best bitter!” Jacob ordered.

“Right away, sir!”

It wasn’t long before two tankards were placed down on the table for them. Jacob lifted his to his lips and drank a good amount, before he placed it down on the table. Alice wasn’t one for drinking it straight back like Jacob and so took her time with it. Jacob ordered yet another two pints this time he was buying. Alice happily downed her second, but called him off on the third. She was tipsy now and didn’t want to get full out drunk. Jacob shrugged and downed his third. An hour had passed since the drinks had gone down and she was now starting to feel it, but fortunately, it wasn’t too bad. Jacob had called for another, damn that man can drink. They then got chatting to the rooks about this and that.

“So when’s the wedding?” one asked.

Alice shook her head, “That’s a secret!”

“Ha I see!”

“So you got plans for any kids?” another asked.

“Yea’ more than likely,” Jacob added, bringing the tankard back to his lips.

“Maybe the one,” Alice thought.

“What sex you hoping for?”

“Boy!” Jacob answered.

“Girl!” Alice replied, with a smile.

“Or girl!” he smirked, looking to Alice.

“Get what you get, that’s all!” One of the female rooks told them.

Alice shrugged, “it doesn’t really matter to me.”

Another hour passed and the two were still in deep conversation. Alice was now feeling the pressure a little more and so moved to try and get comfortable. It helped a little, but she knew she’d have to go soon. Jacob on the other hand had downed 4 pints. She was surprised to see him not bursting by now. A few minutes later told her otherwise. He moved pushing up against her and she felt his hand brush her leg. She looked down on instinct and saw him grab himself, before his hand then moved to her leg. She brought her gaze back up to him and smiled. Half an hour had now passed and she felt movement again. Jacob’s hand left her leg once again as he grabbed himself. This time he didn’t move it back. Alice looked to him.

“Do you think we should be getting back now?” she asked, feeling her own desperation growing.

Jacob looked to her in a pleading way, “Thought you’d never ask.”

He scooted out and around the table, never letting go of himself until he was free of the table. The rooks watched as Jacob stood.

“You ready for home, Guv’nor?”

Jacob nodded, keeping his full attention on his desperate need. Alice stood after him, and followed him out.

“Fuck! I need to piss!” he hissed, as he grabbed himself once again, nearly doubling over.

“Well, you are a man. Why not just whip it out and go.” Alice told him in sympathy, ignoring her own need.

He looked at her in disbelief, wetting in front of his soon to be wife was not something he had planned.

“I’ll look away don’t worry,” she reassured him.

He then headed down to the side of the pub, facing the wall and started to undo his trousers.

“Fucking hell!” he cursed.

“What’s up?” Alice asked.

“Can’t get the damn thing open!” He said, biting his lip.

Alice turned back to him and bent down, “You’re going to have to move your hand and stop fidgeting a minute.”

Jacob sighed, he took a deep breath and held on the best he could. He moved his hand away, while Alice set to undoing his trousers.

“It’s done,” she informed him, turning her back to him as he fumbled about, finally whipping out his penis and sighing loudly with relief. His arm against the wall for support, as he now rested his head against it.

Hearing him piss like that was making it all the more harder for Alice. She jammed a hand quickly between her legs, as Jacob was finally finishing. The whole thing was starting to turn her on, but, she just hoped to high heaven that she wouldn’t have an accident.

“Done!” she asked.

Jacob let out a sigh, as he tucked himself away.

“Yea’ that’s a load off!” he joked.

Alice gave a snort, not wanting to laugh.

“Alright, now back to the train.” Jacob said, as he started walking down the street.

“What time does the train arrive?” Alice asked, pulling out her pocket watch and glancing at the time.

“What time is it now?” he asked.

“5”

“Then it’s Whitechapel for us,” he smiled back at her.

Alice forced a smile back, “You’re not planning on walking all the way there?”

“Oh, no. I just want to check something out first,” he said, as he held back for her to catch up. “Charlie says there have been recent murders in the area and I intend to find out.”

Alice’s face grew grim, she just wanted to get back to the train and use the chamber pot in privacy. She hated using public toilets, as they were always so filthy. Jacob rounded the corner that led to an old abandoned factory. He slipped inside and heard talking coming from upstairs, Alice followed him in and they both headed up the stairs.

“Another one for the grave digger.”

“Yea’ keep this up and they’ll be no fucker left in London.”

“Shut your fucking gob, they all deserved it!”

Jacob used his eagle vision and found that there was more than just three in that room. He stuck up 6 fingers and a thumb. Alice nodded and took a breath to steady herself. She prayed that she’d get through this without any kind of accident. Her bladder was getting dangerously full and was really starting to let her know. Jacob headed over to the door, he turned the knob and quickly threw in a smoke bomb. The Blighters yelled out in shock and tried to run, although they couldn’t see much of where they were going and bumped into each other. Jacob headed on in and took them out.

Alice stayed outside and took the ones that had managed to escape. She hadn’t noticed that a brute had been watching from up top. He slowly and quietly made his way downstairs, sneaking up behind Alice, as she was just finishing of another Blighter. The brute took hold of her, an arm around her neck. She yelped as he tightened his grip and as a small amount of pee escaped, luckily it was only a bit and she managed to control herself. She quickly ended the brute with her hidden blade right through his eye. She quickly retracted the blade and jammed a hand down between her legs, as yet another wave of desperation hit. She breathed deeply, just as Jacob headed out. He quickly ran over to her.

“Are you alright?” he asked concerned.

Alice quickly regained her posture, “Fine, just winded.”

Jacob nodded, “Alright, let’s start heading back.”

Alice smiled weakly and steadily followed him back downstairs. She cringed when another wave hit her hard. She stopped and held herself, before catching up with Jacob.

“I’ll go get us a carriage,” he smirked, before running off.

He came back a few minutes later. Alice was now stood deathly still. She dare not move, until Jacob brought her out of it.

“You sure you’re alright?” he asked, looking down on her.

She was starting to look a little pale with all the holding. She gave him a reassuring nod and took his hand, as he helped her up into the seat next to him. She let out a gasp as yet another small amount of pee escaped her. Jacob gave her a puzzled look.

“It’s the bitter, gone straight to my head.” She lied, as she quickly sat down.

Jacob smiled at her and whipped the reins. How long was she going to keep this from him, before it was too late. It wasn’t long until she was at full squirm. Jacob looked to her with concern.

“Can’t get comfortable,” she smiled, as she held her legs together, trying desperately not to give herself away.

Soon she knew that she’d have to start holding herself, she turned away as she bit her lip. Wishing that she’d got in the back instead now. She rocked a little more. She really didn’t want to have to hold herself in front of her lover. But she had no other choice now.

“Do you want me to pull over?” Jacob asked, picking up on what was wrong.

Alice shook her head, “No, I want to get back to the train.”

“It’s still a way off!”

“I don’t care!” she snapped, tears welling in her eyes now.

Jacob shrugged and ushered the horses on at a faster pace. Alice had now taken to holding herself, she whined as the pressure was intensifying. Jacob looked to her in sympathy.

“You can hold it,” He reassured, squeezing her leg.

“I…I can’t!” she whimpered.

“Yes, you can.” Jacob told her.

“It’s too far, I can’t hold it that long!” she sobbed, bending over, as she jammed her hands in harder.

Jacob rubbed her back with his free hand, whipping the reins harder with his other.

“Nearly there,” he informed her.

Alice let out a cry, as she felt a trickle slowly start leaving her. Jacob just kept on soothing her, by rubbing her back softly.

“Don’t hurt yourself,” he warned.

Once started there was no stopping it, Alice broke down in tears, as she could no longer hold back the flood. Jacob pulled the horse to a stop just over the bridge. He wasn’t going to take her directly to the station where people could have a good gawp at her. Alice was still bent over, her hands still wedged between her legs as she sobbed loudly. All her piss was now running down off the seat onto the foot area and off the side of the carriage, as well as seeping in through Jacob’s coat and into his trousers. She just couldn’t stop crying, even when she’d finally finished. Jacob grabbed hold of her and pulled her up, into his arms. She resisted against him at first, but gave in and sobbed into his chest. He stroked back her hair and kissed her softly on the head.

“You know that I pissed myself a little before you helped me out,” he explained.

Alice’s sobs finally calmed after a while. She sniffed as he told her and smiled.

“But…I’ve….got….us….both….wet….now.” She sniffed.

“Well we can always get a bath at Greenies.”

Alice sniffled and nodded.

“Greenies it is then,” he smiled, before whipping the reins once again as they headed off to Henry Greens place.

Luckily Evie was there as they headed on in, Jacob had an arm around Alice as he took her inside. Evie looked up to see them both.

“What happened?” she asked.

“Alice had a little accident,” Jacob explained. “So we’re both in need of a bath and clean clothes.”

Evie gave a nod of understanding and took Alice through the back for a bath. After the pair were once again clean, Jacob made sure not to overdo it again at the pub and Alice made sure to let him know next time.

*001*2016-10-06 15:40

Tied up and desperate.

It was a simple mission, go out kill a few templars, get back to the train. However, this wasn't the case for Miss Fuckin' Perfect. She would be in for the worst times of her life.

Evie ripped the note from the assassination wall, a quick glance told her exactly where she need to be. She jumped the train around evening, the night had fallen early and she was grateful for it, as it meant she could pull up her hood and blend with the shadows. She hid in the alleyways, making sure to end a few blighters on the way over.

The note had told her the precious piece of eden was stashed in an abandoned warehouse. She made her way well into the heart of the city to push herself up against the wall. She looked out, noticing there were quite a few templars roaming the area. Her gaze fell upon a nearby templar, who was quite restless. He was pacing back and forth, back and forth, almost jumping with each step he took. This got the young assassins curiosity and so she continued to watch him.

"Fuck Jimmy, I've gotta go take a piss!" he complained as he continued to bounce up and down.

His companion laughed as he lit up a cigarette, "You heard what Miss Thorne said." He reminded him.

"I know that, but if I don't go. I'm gonna piss myself."

"You wanna piss yourself and keep your balls intact," his friend smiled.

Evie continued to watch, for some reason just watching him was sending her mixed feelings. The man was openly grabbing himself, moaning into the night as he did so.

"Fuck! I can't take it no more. Watch my back!" He ordered and set about undoing his trousers.

His only response was a small grunt, he turned around, his trousers half open, to see his companion fall to the floor with a dull thud.

"Fuckin' hell!" he choked out, as a hand reached up and covered his mouth.

His lower regions grew warm and Evie knew he'd let himself go, whether through panic or just knowing that it was the end for him. Evie gave no thought to the matter as she sliced his neck with her hidden blade, still while the man was in mid piss. She let him drop to the floor in a mix of blood and piss.

The next templars were easy to dispatch, as they were all split up rather nicely. She finished the last with a throwing knife and headed for the door. She stopped dead as the door flew open and out stepped another templar, Evie was now hidden out of sight, watching as the man sighed in relief, his piss hitting the ground making quite the puddle. The young assassin sprung forth and ended him instantly. He too dropped with a dull thud.

After everyone had been taken care of, Evie headed inside. She used her eagle vision to locate the chest in a room downstairs. However, the room wasn't at all guarded and she wondered if the security had been outside only. That would have been the reason her guards weren't allowed to take breaks. She shrugged it off and reached for the door handle, her instincts went crazy as soon as she threw the door open. There was a trap waiting for her and she hadn't bothered to check properly. She turned on her heel quickly, but she just wasn't quick enough. The force of the blast threw her into the wall opposite, rendering her unconscious.

When she finally came to, she could feel herself sitting on a chair. No, tied to a chair. She lifted her heavy head, blinking her eyes to try and clear them of blood and dizziness, just as a hand grabbed a handful of her hair, to force her head back.

"I see you're finally awake," a familiar cocky voice called to her.

"Lucy Thorne!" The younger woman hissed, as her head was yanked back harder. "You won't get away with this."

"Won't I?" she asked, with a sneer. "We shall soon see."

Evie's head was then released in the most forceful way. She lifted it to look at the red head across from her.

"I have something planned for you, my dear."

Evie swallowed as Lucy headed her way, a cane in hand. She brought it down with a sharp crack on the younger woman's leg, frowning when the assassin didn't give her what she wanted, instead Evie just breathed heavily through clenched teeth.

"You will surrender to me, one way or another." The red head ordered, as she cracked the cane again.

Evie hissed at the pain, but refused to give in. Lucy struck again and again, until satisfied when the younger woman finally screamed. Evie hung her head in defeat, while Lucy pulled it back up to look in her eyes.

"There's a good girl!" She cooed, as Evie spat at her.

Lucy pushed her away from her, so she could wipe her face. Evie didn't bother to look at her, as a gloved hand struck her hard across the face. She pulled back with a sharp hiss and kept her head down.

"I was going to let you have something, but now I changed my mind." Lucy informed her. "All of you out!"

Evie lifted her head slightly to watch them all go, including Lucy herself. She was glad to be left alone, as her mind raced frantically to get her out of there. She looked all around her, searching for something, anything to help in her escape, but just came up blank. She sighed and slumped back, waiting for Lucy to make her next move.

###

Evie awoke the next day, her mouth dry. She needed water. She lifted her head to see a woman on guard outside. She called out, but with her mouth being as dry as it was, it was quite the task.

"I....need....wa...ter!" she called.

The woman either didn't hear or just didn't care. Evie slumped back and waited. Lucy didn't turn up until later in the day, she had the door unlocked for her and headed inside.

"Miss Frye," she smirked, looking down on the younger woman.

Evie didn't bother to look at her, just looked at the floor. Lucy reached out for her chin, grabbing it roughly she raised Evie's head for her.

"I spoke to you. I would like an answer."

Evie looked away from her, making Lucy shake her.

"Lost your voice, have we?"

"Water!" she hissed.

"you want what?" Lucy teased, as she looked to her guards. "Give her what she wants."

One of her female blighters walked over, carrying a jug in hand. Lucy grabbed her captives hair this time, forcing her head right back.

"Give it to her!" Lucy snapped, as she pulled the assassins mouth open.

"Yes, Miss!" The woman replied shakily, as she hold the jug over the struggling assassin.

Lucy watched with delight as Evie was forced to drink the fluid, choking ever so often, but still managing to keep swallowing. After the jug was empty, the blighter made her way back, leaving Lucy to stroke Evie's lightly freckled cheek.

"You stubborn little girl, you just won't end your silly little search."

Evie glared at her, before her head was once again forced forwards.

"I will see you again tomorrow, my dear!" she teased, as she headed out. "Goodbye!"

Evie pulled hard on her restraints, but it got her no where, just sore bloody wrists.

"Come on, Evie! Think!"

She tried time and time again to think of a way out of this mess, but each time she came up blank. She slumped herself into the chair with a loud groan. The familiar feeling in her body, made her feel ten times worse. She knew no one was going to help her out and she'd be forever humiliated if Thorne found her like that. She tried and tried desperately to pull herself free of the chair, but it wasn't going to happen. Her ankles were also tied to the legs of the chair, so there was no way for her to move them freely.

"Damn it! Damn it! Damn it!" She cursed, as she finally tired herself out.

The only thing she had to do now was to wait until tomorrow. However, that was really starting to prove difficult, as the amount of water drank along with the hours she'd been left, was really starting to show. She rocked herself back and forth to try and ease her suffering, it was no use the urges were getting stronger. She brought her thighs together, but that wasn't helping either and now to make matters worse, Lucy was back down again, watching her squirm.

"Let me go or so help me!" She threatened, watching as the smirk on the templars face never budged.

"Or you'll do what, piss on me!" She laughed, in her cruel mocking tone. "You're in quite the predicament. Aren't you, Miss Frye?"

Evie turned away with a look of disgust and embarrassment.

"Aw, don't pout." Lucy sighed, as she made her way over.

Evie kept her gaze away, as the red head grabbed her chin again and forced her to look at her once more.

"Look at me!" she ordered, but Evie did no such thing. "Very well, carry on playing hard to get."

Evie turned her head the other way, a sharp gasp escaping her lips when she felt a hand touch her between the legs. She turned sharply to face the templar, who was now on her knees in front of her, a hand softly stroking her now.

"What are you doing?" she hissed, looking to the templars hand now stoking her, before looking back to the red head.

"Just having a little fun with you, Miss Frye, before we part company."

Evie thrashed about wildly, making Lucy pull away.

"Come in here now!" Lucy demanded, as a brute made his way over to her.

"Yes, my lady?" he asked.

"Stand at the back of her and hold her down!"

"Yes, miss!"

Evie's eyes widened in shock as the brute circled her to place his large hands on her shoulders. She trued to move again but was restricted now. Pleased with her decision, Lucy pulled the glove from her hand and reached out to touch the younger woman's swollen bladder. Evie desperately held back the tears that threatened to fall, at the torture she was receiving. She bit her bottom lip hard, drawing blood, when Lucy pushed on her. She held it back as best she could, but found herself weakening.

"Stubborn til the end I see, Miss Frye!" Lucy sneered, as she slipped off her other glove to now brings her hands up to the assassins trousers.

Evie bit her lip and tried to pull away, as she felt her trousers now being pulled open and the slender touch of the older woman's hands slipping inside her undergarments. She gasped as Lucy's fingers rubbed up against her sensitive area. Lucy couldn't hold back the mocking smirk upon her face, as she started to touch, to feel around. Evie tried desperately to hold back moans of discomfort and pleasure, Lucy watched loving every moment of the others agony.

"I'll.....kill.....you!" Evie stammered, glaring at Lucy through tear filled eyes.

The templar just smirked and carried on forcing her fingers inside of her. Evie gasped heavily as she felt herself growing damp and that wasn't because of what she was feeling right now, but because she felt herself finally letting go. Lucy seemed to enjoyed the warm wetness the pooled around her fingers, before it dripped off the chair. Evie chest rose and felt quickly with the relief of letting her piss free. Lucy thought she'd now send the woman well over the edge as she continued the assault.

"Are you enjoying yourself, Miss Frye?" Lucy asked in amusement.

Evie could't reply with trying her best not to give in to the templar.

Lucy knew she would come eventually, it was just a matter of time. And she would cherish that moment when she would manage to break her. Evie bit her lip more roughly as she tried to hold back a moan. She knew she wouldn't be able to last any longer what with Lucy's delicate touch. She suddenly found herself throwing back her head in bliss as she finally climax. After the wave pf pleasure passed, leaving her to feel her trousers dampening at her own bodily fluids, she could no longer hold back the tears. Lucy smiled and stood, watching the young woman now pleased with her accomplishment.

"Come now, Miss Frye. Don't tell me that wasn't enjoyable?" she asked, as she put her gloves back on.

Evie continued to sob, now feeling the warm soggy wetness cooling. It felt horrible against her skin. Her piss soaked her all up her trousers and into her boots. The room was silent all for the sound of droplets hitting the puddle of piss below as well as Evie's sniffles. She felt so dirty, so wrong, she knew she'd never forget a thing like this ever in her life.

"Alright, now that that is done with, it's time we head back. Goodnight, Miss Frye." Lucy waved.

Evie sat looking down at herself, she was a filthy mess. She hung her head and wished that her brother would come find her and take her home, she was cold, miserable and wet. She felt her eye lids grow heavy and let sleep take a hold of her. She could hear yelling and banging going off in her dream, but wait it wasn't a dream it was real. She opened her eyes to a familiar voice.

"I'm here, Evie!" Jacob called to her, making her tears start to fall once again.

Her brother had a habit of ruining her plans, but right now she was so relived to see him.

"Jacob!" she sobbed, as her twin pulled her into a hug.

"I'm so sorry, Evie!" he told her.

"Why?" she questioned, sniffling once again.

"For letting this happen to you," he explained.

She looked down at herself and started once again.

"I never want this to happen again!" She sobbed, as Jacob comforted her again.

He helped her with her trousers, before taking off his coat to drape it over her shoulders, she'd refused at first, with her being all wet, but he insisted. He helped her out into the crisp night sky, she was glad of the time of day to cover up her embarrassment, but the cold night air continued to assault her nether regions, making it more uncomfortable. She rested her head on her brothers shoulder, up until he put her in a carriage. The female rooks looked on, wondering if they could lend a hand. Jacob allowed them. He took her back to the train and helped her to undress, she slipped her nightgown on over her soaking underwear to then slip them off. Jacob helped her into bed and stroked back her hair, before sitting down in the armchair to watch over her for the rest of the night.

*002*2016-10-06 16:00

Locked in

"We have a letter," Evie announced to her twin as he hopped on the train.

"What's it this time?" He asked with a frown.

Evie took the letter out and read, "We know of a piece of eden. Come to the Tower."

"That it?"

She looked the paper over and nodded.

"Well let's get your damned piece of Eden found, shall we?" He smirked.

She glared at him, "how many times do I have to tell you that they are dangerous."

"yeah, yeah."

"Jacob I'm serious."

"yes I know that."

The two then headed off to the Tower. But were ambushed on the way there. Templars sneered at them as they all gathered around.

"What have we here?" Jacob teased.

The templars all pulled out their knives or guns, now ready to fight.

"let's get to it then shall we?" He smirked.

The templars came hard and fast but were no match for the twins. However, it seemed that the templars were never ending. Evie suddenly feel a sharp prick at the back of her neck, as a heavy weight bump into her. She pulled the man off of her and snapped his neck before feeling at her neck. She couldn't feel anything, but something had hit her. Jacob looked to her as she looked as through she was slowing down slightly. Her movement becoming dull and unfocused.

"Evie!" He yelled as she was hit from behind.

He quickly rushed over to her and stabbed the templar right in the neck. Evie gave him a weak look before dropping to her knees. Her twin looked on in worry and also felt a sharp pain in his neck. He ended the templar quickly and turned back to his twin, who was now laying on the floor.

"Evie!" He called, feeling himself grow weaker all of a sudden.

The templars all looked on with amused looks. The twins had been neutralise and were now in the hands of the enemy. They finally woke a few hours later to find themselves in a dimly lit room. Evie shook her head and looked around, seeing nothing but darkness.

"Jacob!" She called out to her twin, getting a groan in return.

"Evie, what happened? Where are we?"

"If I knew I would tell you." She answered rather annoyed.

He shrugged and looked down on himself, noticing that his weapons were gone. He quickly checked his coat and found nothing.

"Where's my things?"

His twin shook her head in response, before looking about the room. There was a big steel door that she forcibly pushed herself against. The door was stuck and would not budge in the slightest. Jacob stumbled over to help her, but with both their strength combined it still did nothing.

"Check the walls!"

He nodded and felt around the place, searching for something, anything that would help. But nothing was available.

"We're stuck."

She shook her head, "there's always a way out, Jacob!"

"Then by all means enlighten me."

She searched herself, but like he had said there was nothing.

"Damn!"

He turned back and sat himself against the wall to think it through. Evie stood by the door, listening. Eventually footsteps could be heard followed by voices.

"Open the latch!"

"Yes, miss!"

Evie stepped back as a small latch on the door opened. A tray of food and drink were then pushed in for the pair.

"Let us out of here!" Evie snapped.

"All in good time now eat."

The latch was then closed and the footsteps receded. Evie looked to the tray of food and drink just as Jacob suddenly interrupted her.

"Pass it here."

She looked to him, but pushed the tray his way. He grabbed the bread and started ripping into it. Evie looked at him, thinking that he looked like a wild animal. He drank back the water and left the other for Evie if she wanted it that was.

A few hours later and Evie was starting to feel a little thirsty. She looked to Jacob who was looking alright and decided to have a drink herself. She drank back the whole tankard and grabbed what bit of food there was left and devoured it.

Jacob got up after a while to pace back and forth, his legs needed exercise or so he'd said. She stole a glance in his direction and though she'd seen him grab his crouch. She shrugged it off and sat back while closing her eyes to rest a little while. Hoping that they would eventually be set free. Another tray was brought in a few hours later. It seemed that they had no intention of letting their captives starve or go thirsty. Evie looked to the tray then to her twin, who this time hadn't bothered with it.

A few more hours passed and her twin had grown restless. She had tried to ignore him, but he was now letting out small groans.

"Jacob! Sit down."

He shook his head, "I cant."

She furrowed her brows, "why not?"

"Its not helping."

"What's not helping?"

He grabbed his crouch again and she could see he was clearly embarrassed about it.

She definitely understood now, "oh."

He kept up his pacing and grabbed himself a few more times. Evie could feel herself growing quite desperate too, but she could wait, she would wait.

"How long are we going to be in here for?" He complained.

He headed over to the door and banged on it, but there was no response.

"Open this fucking door!" He yelled, before another groan escaped him.

He grabbed himself and gasped slightly.

"Jacob?"

He looked to her, "I cant wait. I'm sorry Evie."

She looked mortified by this, but she understood his pain and let him do it. He headed over to the wall at the back and undid his trousers, quickly whipping out his cock and letting the stream flow. He sighed in relief, making Evie black it out. He tucked himself away and did up his trousers once again. Feeling at the damp spot at the front, he sighed in annoyance, but turned back around. He couldn't bear to look at his twin, what with having just pissed in front of her. She sat quickly thinking about how she would go on with her own need that was desperately growing. Jacob was once again looking around seeing if he could find anything. Unfortunately there was still nothing he could find. He eventually gave up and sat down again, closing his eyes. It wasn't long before Evie found her bladder on the brink of letting go. She cursed herself for drinking the water, but she'd been so thirsty. Jacob was no sat sipping at the next lot of water, while she too longed to drink hers.

"how you holding up, sis?" He asked a little concerned.

She shook her head, "i'll be glad to get back to the train."

"me too." He smirked.

She eventually shifted, finding herself growing quite uncomfortable. Jacob sat back with his head resting up against the wall, his eyes closed again. While his twin fought the desperate battle to hold on. She had no intentions of holding herself, even though she was growing more and more desperate by the minute. She had no idea how long she would last. The minutes ticked by as she found herself in agony. Her bladder was screaming at her for release, but her pride said no. She squirmed and looked down at herself, wondering if she was still dry. She bit her lip before daring to place a hand down there. She'd never held herself like this before, finding it somewhat of a childish thing to do, but right now she had no other choice. Her hand clamped down hard over herself. But she couldn't hold back the groan that had managed to escape her, just as a few squirts had now left her. Her twin looked over to her and grew concerned.

"Evie, what's wrong?" He asked, while pulling himself up and going over to her.

"Nothing." She lied, but he could see the pain in her expression as clear as day.

He sat down next to her and rubbed her arm, "I can tell somethings wrong now tell me."

She looked away from him clearly embarrassed as he had once been.

"I said I'm fine." She sighed, before gasping again.

"Evie!"

He looked down at her now and noticed her other hand was tucked under her coat.

"Do you need to...."

"NO!" She quickly snapped.

He shook his head and decided that there was no winning with his twin. Instead he sat back against her, feeling her every move and hearing the odd groan that letf her. It wasn't long before his twin grew to the point of getting on his nerves. She was now sat forwards slightly, with both hands wedged between her legs.

"Evie, this is stupid. Get yourself up and go piss in the corner."

She shook her head frantically, "NO!"

His anger was now raising with his sister's stupidity, "you're going to hurt yourself."

"I don't care!" She hissed.

"No, but I do. I don't like seeing you in pain, now get up and relive yourself."

She shook her head, rocking back and forth slightly now.

"I cant do it."

He sighed, "yes you can, now get up and go."

Another shake of her head and yet another gasp, "it hurts, Jacob." She warned him as she now began to sob.

He rubbed her arm and talked to her soothingly, "let me help you."

"I can't do it."

"Evie, work with me."

"I can't."

"Don't say that, now come on." He pulled himself to his feet and took hold of her arm. She bit her lip harder this time, feeling more pain and the taste of copper in her mouth.

"Come on, Evie."

"Its too late," she cried.

He bent down and looked to her, "just let go Evie."

She looked to him with a pain filled expression, was he mad. She shook her head, "I'm not doing it. I won't do it. I'm not a child!"

He grabbed her arm and pulled it up and away from in between her legs, she gasped again, but he took her slightly damp hand in his own.

"Evie please just let go. I won't say or do anything. Just please tell it go."

She lowered her head, shut her eyes and willed herself to hold on. A sudden pressure on her abdomen, made her snap her head up and look to her twin. His free hand was pushing upon her bulging bladder, causing more discomfort. She groaned, just as more urine managed to slip from her.

"Evie."

She shook her head and finally decided to let herself go. The relief was unbearable, piss flowed from her for what felt like ages. Jacob kept his hand on her abdomen to make sure she was releasing it. He smiled as he heard her pant slightly. Her chest raising and falling with the relief of finally letting go. When he was certain she was finished he moved his hand away and sat himself next to her.

"how are you feeling?" He asked, looking to her.

She couldn't bear to look at him as she wiped the tears from her face. He wrapped an arm around her and pulled her close to let her cry in his arms.

She'd never be able to let this down. This would embarrass her for the rest of her life. Jacob on the other hand was glad to finally make her see sense. He hated seeing his sister in pain and he was glad she was free of it at least it was one thing. The downside was that she would have to sit in wet clothes for the remainder of how ever long they would be there for.

