Maria's VERY Wet Dream

Author: jakeybakey

*000*2022-11-18 05:29

Maria can barely hold it. She's held in her urge to pee for a while, but the line to the bathroom isn't getting any shorter. She even finds herself holding her crotch, trying to keep herself from squirting. Maria can't really remember how she got into this situation, mainly because it's all a blur, but it doesn't really matter to her. She needs to get to the toilet, and fast. A couple minutes go by, and the line still hasn't moved. Maria is barely holding herself together, and she decides to think about how she got here to distract from her situation.

She remembers she was doing homework not too long ago in her room, she brushed her teeth, put on her pajamas...

"I'M IN A DREAM!" exclaims Maria.

This is a relief. this may mean that she may not even need to pee at all. That, or she's on the brink of wetting the bed. Maria starts panicking once more. She knew full well if she wet the bed again, her mom would be VERY angry. She's 18, after all. If she were to wet the bed one more time, her mother would be forced to start stocking up on diapers. Granted, Maria kind of has a kink for needing to pee, but she can't afford to embarrass herself more than she already has in the past. Not to mention the fact that there's nothing more embarrassing than having to wear diapers. An idea then crosses Maria's mind. Can't she just wake up and go to the bathroom? Yeah... she then clears her mind and tries to wake up.

Maria jerks awake. Her bladder is still as full as it was in the dream, so she bolts to the bathroom. She opens the door, sits down on the toilet, and rolls down her pants and panties. Just as Maria is about to let go, she notices something. The bathroom is kind of... off. In fact, Maria still feels like she's in her bed. She then realizes she's still dreaming.

She pulls her panties back up and quickly tries to stand, but finds that she can't. What's stopping her? Maria then grows worried. Why is she doing this to herself? Does she actually... want this? She hears a voice.

"Hello..." says the voice.

"Who are you?!" asks Maria.

"Your subconscious, babe." says her Subconscious.

"Let me get up!" shouts Maria.

Maria's Subconscious then takes a human form in front of her.

"You know, normally I would." says Maria's Subconscious suavely. "But right now... I'm really fucking horny..."

Her Subconscious then turns on the sink with dream powers.

Drip, drop, drip, drop...

"You're in my reality now... and I can make it whatever i want it to be." says Maria's Subconscious.

The faucet flow slowly increases.

Maria's urge to pee is stronger than ever. "This is it, huh?" Maria thinks to herself. Tomorrow is the day her mother buys diapers. One part of her doesn't want this to happen, but the other part of Maria deeply does. Her Subconscious's hand strokes her leg. Maria moans with pleasure. Her Subconscious then places her hands on Maria's shoulders and sits on her lap. Her subconscious's body warms Maria's body up, and nothing but a pleasurable tingling can be felt from Maria's insides. The pressure felt from another body on top of hers is something Maria can't handle. She can feel her outside body in the real world. Maria almost squirts into her panties, but stops herself from inside of the dream. Her Subconscious starts getting annoyed with her.

"Stop holding back, love. Let it all out..." says her Subconscious soothingly.

Her Subconscious then places her hand gently into Maria's shirt, and grasps inside her bra. Maria feels goosebumps as her Subconscious knows exactly how her body works, and how it likes to be felt. The faucet increases pressure, making the running water even more audible, and making Maria's bladder even harder to hold. Maria can't tell if this is a nightmare or a wet dream. Maria moans as her Subconscious feels her. She then makes her way down to Maria's privates. Maria can't hold her pee much longer, but somehow persists. Maria's Subconscious slips her fingers inside of her panties, and starts rubbing back and forth inside of her privates. Maria feels like she's about to cum, AND wet herself.

"Come on now, just... stop being so tense..." says her Subconscious. "You know it'll feel good..."

Maria doesn't know what to do. Persist and endure more holding, or release, and have the orgasm of her life. She doesn't know whether she should release either. Her mother would force her to not just wear diapers at night, but force her to wear them at school as well. Maria is almost ready to give in to her deepest, darkest desires, but attempts to hold her pee one last time.

Maria's Subconscious has had enough. "Fine then, looks like you need a bit of extra help then..." Maria's Subconscious then takes her hands out of Maria's pussy, and pulls her panties back up. "What would you do if I just..."

Her Subconscious starts leaking on top of Maria. The wetness soaks down Maria's legs and privates. This soaks Maria's panties inside of her dream, but she still hasn't wet her real ones.

"Let it all out..." says Maria's Subconscious.

The pressure of the pee hitting and soaking Maria's panties make it almost impossible to hold it anymore. With her Subconscious flooding her lap, the faucet running louder than ever, and the uncontrollable urge to pee, Maria can't hold it anymore.

"There we go..." says Maria's Subconscious. "Good girl..."

Maria starts squirting into her panties, and it slowly transitions into her completely soaking herself. Maria feels the pleasure of flooding herself, and can feel the warmth of her stream in the real world, too. The warmness of the stream floods down her legs, and starts soaking her bedsheets. Maria's panties are completely ruined, and so are her pajamas. She wets herself so much, that she floods her pajamas up to her breasts. The leftover liquid spills onto the bed, and since the bed can't handle this insane amount of liquid, Maria leaves a puddle down to her knee, and up to her stomach. She releases the last of the stream, and then finally cums. Looks like Maria really does need diapers.

THE END

(unless y'all like this story and tell me you want more. If you do want more, the next one will be a diapered dream.)

