Fallout New Vegas - The Courrier's desperation

Author: Jdelafond44

*000*2021-05-10 08:50

Vic, the young woman better known as Courier 6, was coming to the end of her umpteenth trip through the Mojave wasteland, accompanied by her faithful and amusing friend Veronica. The old control tower at Camp McCarran was in sight in the orange glare enveloping Vegas in the desert night, and the two were already trying to figure out what they were going to say to the NCR officer about the Legion's progress. Our beautiful courier was indeed snooping around Mojave's affairs, in order to expand the influence she had acquired when she became the owner of the New Vegas Strip.

But tonight, it was Veronica who gave the ideas. Her ambitious friend seemed elsewhere. She kept nodding without listening, didn't walk straight, and looked as if she was a bit drunk. Veronica was not fooled, and it is once arrived at the surroundings of Vegas that she finally asked her :

- Do you have to pee?

- Uh what? No, not really, why?

- You walk funny, you don't listen to me, if you have to go, go !

- No but it's ok, we're almost at the airport where there's a toilet.

- Well, if you want, but no need to keep holding it in an abandoned city with no one to see you! Do you think it's still pre-war?

The two girls laughed together, then the courier answered:

- Veronica, I'm a big girl, it can wait, don't worry.

Veronica noticed that Vic's voice was shaking a little, like a hint of... something, stress probably.

Amused, Veronica put an end to this awkward conversation:

- You're weird, you know...

After all, Veronica didn't care about her friend's bladder, and decided not to make any more remarks about Vic's natural needs.

However, when they arrived at the gate of the camp, the two girls stopped so that the soldiers could open the big gate for them. Vic couldn't stand still. She squirmed, but seemed to calm down for a moment; suddenly she tightened her legs very hard and gave a little cry of surprise. In spite of her resolution, Veronica said to her:

- You can literally go pee anywhere you want, go ahead! What are you waiting for? To do it in your panties?

At these words, Vic blushed. She loosened her legs and looked discreetly at her pants. Out of the corner of her eye, Veronica saw a dark spot on them but didn't say anything, because she really didn't know what to think anymore.

When the door finally opened, the courier rushed into the camp. With both hands stuck on her crotch, she ran to the airport lobby, and asked the soldiers where the bathroom was. She ran in that direction, followed by Veronica.

The latter found Vic in one of the cabins, the door not even closed, trying unsuccessfully to pull down her pants, because her hands kept coming back on her crotch to avoid a big accident.

Unfortunately, Vic's attempts didn't work: in front of Veronica's amazement, the stain on Vic's pants grew, and the pee began to drip down her pants, hissing as it passed through the fabric of her clothes, echoing as the big drops fell on the tile floor. Standing in a puddle of piss, all soaked, Vic seemed to be in a state of trance. Veronica too, for she was completely flabbergasted.

Gone completely red, Vic turned towards Veronica:

- Veronica... I... I peed in my panties. I have to find a new pair of pants and panties and wash myself somewhere... right?

The way she described her condition, the way she said panties, the way she said Veronica, while slowly removing her soiled clothes... There was no doubt, Vic was... horny ?

Veronica tried to remain normal:

- I told you you were going to piss yourself, I don't understand why you didn't react sooner.

Although she had never thought that this kind of delirium existed, Veronica understood very well Vic's behavior, why she kept holding it and why this whole desperation scene didn't seem very authentic.

But still, it was quite unbelievable for Veronica: she could see her friend, a courier coming from nowhere, with extraordinary talents, with such a magnetic charisma, having propelled herself overnight to the head of New Vegas... Peeing her pants, all red, tears in the eyes, like a little girl, completely overwhelmed by her sexual impulses.

That's also the magic of the Mojave, thought Veronica, no one to tell us what to do, no one to prevent us from going deep into our desires... Actually, Vic was just like Vegas : completely perverted, but so attractive...

