Overwatch Omo: Brigitte's Medical Exam

Author: Joph_joef

*000*2018-08-05 10:36

Note: This is my first fanfic so feedback is much appreciated! Also, Id like more suggestions for Overwatch omo

Brigitte took a shaky breath in as she approached Watchpoint Gibraltar for the first time. She couldn't believe it. She had finally completed her training with reinhardt and was being stationed at Gibraltar as an agent for overwatch.

As Brigitte walked through the blast doors to the control room, she felt the strong urge to pee in her bladder, remembering how long she had been holding it for...but dismissed it because she had better thing to worry about. She was approached by Mercy who warmly welcomed her, "Brigitte! Im so glad to see you as a fully fledged member of overwatch! Follow me, we just have to get some things cleared and equipment checked out." Brigitte followed Mercy down the halls to the medical bay into a white room with medical equipment strung about in a messy fashion.

After looking at a clipboard for sometime, Mercy said to Brigitte, "All of your medical records say that you are in perfect health, without any illness in the last 5 years...I'm impressed." Then Mercy pulls out a small cup and hand it to Brigitte. Puzzled, Brigitte asks "Whats this for?" Mercy smiles and says "Its nothing serious, i just need a urine sample from you, unfortunately I cant have you leave the room while you pee, there has been some incidents before for agents tampering with the sample to appear clean of any narcotics or alcohol."

Brigitte had always been pee shy and had always had trouble peeing in public restrooms. "I'm sorry Angela, I dont think I can go in front of you, I've always been... a bit...shy..." Mercy reassuringly replies, "Its ok, your not the first to be a little pee shy, I am too, if that makes you feel any better....I'll give you a muscle relaxer that will cause your bladder to relax, but first I need you to remove your pants and underwear." Brigitte hesitantly begins to unbutton her jeans, sliding them down her toned thighs to her ankles. Then she began to remove her favorite pink panties, exposing her shaved nether regions to Mercy.

Mercy the takes a syringe out of a box and injects the muscle relaxer into Brigitte's arm and holds the cup right beneath Brigitte's labia. Almost instantly Brigitte felt her bladder go numb, she didn't even realize she was peeing until she looked down. She suddenly gasped at the sight of the golden stream flowing out of her urethra an into the cup. The cup began to overflow but she couldn't stop the flow of pee from leaving her body, causing her to leave a puddle right in front of Mercy.

Brigitte's face started to turn red with embarrassment as the looked down at Mercy. "Angela, Im so sorry, I honestly couldnt stop it..." Mercy replied, "Don't worry about it, Ill have the janitiors clean it up later, but at least we got a full urine sample, you must have needed to go pretty badly." Brigitte blushed, "yea, I really had to go bad, I held it the whole way here." Mercy chuckled, " Well at least you let it out, holding your pee for extended amounts of time can be unhealthy....Anyways, u may put your clothes back on, ill go run these test samples and Ill let u know later."

"Thanks Angela, I appreciate it." replies Brigitte.

TO BE CONTINUED?

*002*2018-08-06 06:04

PART 2

Note: if u guys have any specific fantasies involving omo, feel free to let me know and I'll try and incorporate them into an overwatch story :)

"BRIGITTE PLEASE REPORT TO THE MEDICAL BAY" sounded a voice from the intercom. Its been 2 days since Brigitte had been station at Watchpoint Gibraltar and she as been busy all day helping her father, Torbjorn, in the weapon/engineering bay getting ready for her first field operation. She hasn't used the bathroom all day, not even after she woke up because she knew how important it was to prepare for her first mission."Alright Papa! Good luck with getting those armor packs ready, I gotta go see what Angela has to say." Brigitte lightly jogged to the elevator, instantly grabbing her crotch to stop from bursting as the doors closed, and was taken down to the medical floor.

As the two doors opened, Brigitte was forced to stand upright and was met face to face with D.va, who was carrying a large white bag with a somewhat embarrassed look on her face. "Ugh, I can believe I have to wear THIS on the next mission." she groans. Brigitte remembers seeing Hana on TV a week ago for the starcraft tournament and realized that she was recruited to Overwatch recently for her exceptional meka piloting skills. "Whats the matter Hana?" asked Brigitte. D.va smirked at Brigitte and smugly replies, "Well I guess your about to find out." Brigitte glances at Mercy from across the room with a puzzled expression; then Mercy gestures her to come and meet her

"So, I have tested your urine samples and you seem to be cleared for your first mission!" Mercy exclaims. Brigitte was thrilled and hugs Mercy tightly. "Thats such good news, I'm so excited to finally go on my first mission as an Overwatch agent....but is that all you called me down for?" Brigitte asks. Mercy replies, "Well, I need to give you something for you to wear on your missions, all female agent must wear them during field operations so don't feel like in singling you out. Confused, Brigitte asks, "What is it?" Mercy then hands her a white paper bag, the same one that D.va got. Brigitte peers into the bag to find, what seemed to look like period pads.

"They are urinary pads, a prototype designed by me to absorb 1200 mL of fluid, roughly twice the amount that the average female bladder can hold." Mercy proudly explains, "They are made of a hyper-absorbent disposable fabric, allowing them to have absorbtion of a regular adult diaper, but the size of a regular pee pad." Brigitte suddenly gasped as a tiny trickle of pee managed to find it way through her urethra and onto her panties.

Brigitte shyly says, "Wow that really cool that you are able to do that...I know there are a lot of people here right now, but can I test it out? I really gotta pee and I don't think I'd be able to make it to the restroom without wetting myself..." Brigitte had grown to trust Mercy throughout her life because of the friendship that her father had formed with her. "I mean, I don't really know how to put it on, I've never used menstrual pads before, only tampons..." Brigitte's voice trailed off, realizing how embarrassing she sounded. " Mercy smiled and replied, "Its ok, here, I'll put one on so you can see how its done."

Mercy leads Brigitte into a hospital room unit and closed the curtain that separated it from the main hallway. She was wearing her a standard doctor's uniform with a white lab coat. "Ok Brigitte, first you need to remove your shirt and pants like so..." Mercy then takes off her coat and proceeds to take off her shirt exposing her firm breasts, cradled by her gray sports bra. She begins to unbutton her pants, dropping them to her ankes. She was wearing fine yellow silk panties that hugged her curves and highlighted her figure. Brigitte looked in awe at Mercy's body, she had never seen another girl undressed in person, let alone Mercy. She looked like she was almost glowing like an angel, with perfectly sexy curves and light blonde hair.

*003*2018-08-06 07:09

PART 2 REUPLOAD DISREGARD THE ORIGINAL, IT WAS ACCIDENTALLY UPLOADED UNFINISHED

Note: if u guys have any specific fantasies involving omo, feel free to let me know and I'll try and incorporate them into an overwatch story This is also super long so enjoy!

WARNING: This part contains explicit sexual content towards the middle-end

"BRIGITTE PLEASE REPORT TO THE MEDICAL BAY" sounded a voice from the intercom. Its been 2 days since Brigitte had been station at Watchpoint Gibraltar and she as been busy all day helping her father, Torbjorn, in the weapon/engineering bay getting ready for her first field operation. She hasn't used the bathroom all day, not even after she woke up because she knew how important it was to prepare for her first mission."Alright Papa! Good luck with getting those armor packs ready, I gotta go see what Angela has to say." Brigitte lightly jogged to the elevator, instantly grabbing her crotch to stop from bursting as the doors closed, and was taken down to the medical floor.

As the two doors opened, Brigitte was forced to stand upright and was met face to face with D.va, who was carrying a large white bag with a somewhat embarrassed look on her face. "Ugh, I can believe I have to wear THIS on the next mission." she groans. Brigitte remembers seeing Hana on TV a week ago for the starcraft tournament and realized that she was recruited to Overwatch recently for her exceptional meka piloting skills. "Whats the matter Hana?" asked Brigitte. D.va smirked at Brigitte and smugly replies, "Well I guess your about to find out." Brigitte glances at Mercy from across the room with a puzzled expression; then Mercy gestures her to come and meet her

"So, I have tested your urine samples and you seem to be cleared for your first mission!" Mercy exclaims. Brigitte was thrilled and hugs Mercy tightly. "Thats such good news, I'm so excited to finally go on my first mission as an Overwatch agent....but is that all you called me down for?" Brigitte asks. Mercy replies, "Well, I need to give you something for you to wear on your missions, all female agent must wear them during field operations so don't feel like in singling you out. Confused, Brigitte asks, "What is it?" Mercy then hands her a white paper bag, the same one that D.va got. Brigitte peers into the bag to find, what seemed to look like period pads.

"They are urinary pads, a prototype designed by me to absorb 1200 mL of fluid, roughly twice the amount that the average female bladder can hold." Mercy proudly explains, "They are made of a hyper-absorbent disposable fabric, allowing them to have absorbtion of a regular adult diaper, but the size of a regular pee pad." Brigitte suddenly gasped as a tiny trickle of pee managed to find it way through her urethra and onto her panties. Brigitte shyly says, "Wow that really cool that you are able to do that...I know there are a lot of people here right now, but can I test it out? I really gotta pee and I don't think I'd be able to make it to the restroom without wetting myself..."

Brigitte had grown to trust Mercy throughout her life because of the friendship that her father had formed with her. "I mean, I don't really know how to put it on, I've never used menstrual pads before, only tampons..." Brigitte's voice trailed off, realizing how embarrassing she sounded. " Mercy smiled and replied, "Its ok, here, I'll put one on so you can see how its done."

Mercy leads Brigitte into a hospital room unit and closed the curtain that separated it from the main hallway. She was wearing her a standard doctor's uniform with a white lab coat. "Ok Brigitte, first you need to remove your shirt and pants like so..." Mercy then takes off her coat and proceeds to take off her shirt exposing her firm breasts, cradled by her gray sports bra. She begins to unbutton her pants, dropping them to her ankes. She was wearing fine yellow silk panties that hugged her curves and highlighted her figure. Brigitte looked in awe at Mercy's body, she had never seen another girl undressed in person, let alone Mercy. She looked like she was almost glowing like an angel, with perfectly sexy curves and light blonde hair.

Brigitte followed Mercy's instructions and began undressing. She removed her Ironclad sleeveless shirt exposing her bare breasts and relatively muscular abs to Mercy. Brigitte blushed, realizing that she didn't put a bra on today because she knew how hot it would be in the engineering warehouse. In contrast, the medical bay was very cold, causing her nipples to become noticeably hard and erect. She gingerly removed her belt and unbuttoned her pants, leaving only her white panties left on her. A cold breeze blew by, making Brigitte gasp, this made a jet of urine spurt from Brigitte crotch and create a very noticeable wet patch on her underwear. "Angela-I cant hold it much longer, I really gotta pee..." she pleaded.

"Ok now pull you underwear down to your knees and and remove the adhesive covers from the back of the pad..." Mercy slowly slid her panties down to her knees, leaving Brigitte absolutely astounded at the sight of Mercy's naturally hairless, perfect slit between her legs. "Then apply the pad to the inside of your underwear and fold the wings down." Mercy the pulled up her panties and watched as Brigitte followed. She carefully pulled down her panties, shivering as the cold hospital breeze cooled the urine on her outer labia. Brigitte then quickly put on the pad and pulled up her panties.

Brigitte tried to relax her bladder, but even in her desperate state, she couldn't pee in front Mercy. "I'm sorry Angela- I just can pee....I really need to go, but nothing is coming out" Brigitte desperately explains. "Here, I need to go too, I'll pee with you." Mercy reassuringly replies, "on the count of three, we both pee-One...Two...Three..." Mercy holds both of Brigitte's hands and closes her eyes. Suddenly, Brigitte hears a hissing sound coming from Mercy's nether regions and realizes she is peeing. This was too much for her poor bladder to handle and she lost control.

Brigitte felt her pee hit the pad and spread all the way up her crotch to her clitoris. The warmth, combined with the relieve brought her to the edge of orgasm, but she held it back with all her might to avoid embarrassing herself even more in front of Mercy. She peed for almost twice as long as Mercy, but the pad didn't leak at all. After she opened her eyes, Mercy gave a playful laugh and told her "You might want to dispose of it now, you probably peed enough to max out its absorbency, I didn't pee that much so I'll keep mine on to save me a trip to the ladies room...Now get dressed before your father comes in here looking for you."

After getting dressed and throwing out the pad, Brigitte thanked Mercy, "Thank you so much for helping me out Angela, if it wasnt for you I would have had an accident right infront of everyone in the medical bay."

"No problem, just please be very careful about holding your pee for too long, it might eventually cause you to end up in these desperate situations more often." Mercy told her, "oh and also good luck on your first mission tomorrow! I'll be there with you as the primary support." Brigitte smiled and ran back to the engineering warehouse to continue helping Torbjorn with the gear.

*004*2018-08-07 06:53

I made a second part to this omo, but it says “hidden” at the top! Anyone know how to unhide it?

*007*2018-08-08 05:55

Yeah, I think so too, I might add that in the next part, which should be coming soon!

*009*2018-10-02 03:19

PART 3: Sorry for such a long wait in between parts, lots of school and work stuff has gotten in the way and I finally have some free time on my hands.

I’m open to suggestions and criticism with my writing, let me know if anything bothers you about how I write and I’ll try and fix it

If you guys have any specific fantasies of omorashi, I’ll try and incorporate them into the next part

*BUZZ BUZZ BUZZ* Brigitte’s alarm goes off, as the day of her first mission begins. She sleepily opens her eyes and looks at the alarm clock and suddenly remember that she hit the snooze button one too many times and she was 30 minutes late to the debriefing. Brigitte bolts out of bed, but is suddenly halted by the sharp pain in her bladder. She almost leaked as she got out of bed and knew that she didn’t have the time or bladder strength to make it to the bathroom. “Shit! There is no way this is happening right now. I’m half an hour late to my first mission and I’m about to piss myself.” But suddenly, she realizes that she still had the pads that Angela gave the day before and ripped down her pajama shorts and red panties. Brigitte could barely contain the sea of golden liquid inside her as she was fumbling with placing the pad on her panties. Just as she pulled her panties, the dam broke and she let all of it flow out her urethra and onto the pad.

Brigitte quickly threw off her pajama shirt and put on her chest piece, not even bothering to put a bra on because the upper body armor of her suit had built in breast padding, fitted exactly to her cup size. She quickly changed into a fresh pad, wiping the hot urine from her clean shaved nether regions, and placed the urinary pad snugly against her labia. She then pulled up her armored leggings and picked up her flail as she opened her quarter’s door and rushed out into the debriefing room.

Brigitte stumbled into the room just in time for soldier to give rollout of their team composition. “ALL RIGHT SOLDIERS, for many of you this kind of mission isn’t anything new…but as we all know, this will be Brigitte’s first mission,” announced soldier, “Our mission is to secure the Ilios ruins and prevent Talon from confiscating the site, along with it’s valuable artifacts.” Soldier continues to ramble on about more tactical information, but Brigitte begins feeling a familiar twinge in her bladder, “No way I have to go again, literally just peed a damn river.”

But she doesn’t ask to get up and go because she knew it would be rude to ask to leave right after she arrived half and hour late. Soldier commanded, “For this mission, we will be running a 2-2-2 composition…Reinhardt and D.va be the two tanks for this mission; Tracer and I will be the firepower of the team; and finally, Brigitte and Mercy will be supporting our team… and question?....No?...Alright lets move to the dropship for boarding!”

Brigitte knew that there weren’t any bathrooms installed on the drop ship and it would be an 8 hour flight…there was no going back now.

TO BE CONTINUED….(hopefully very soon)

