Pool Problems

Author: JackFrost16

*000*2020-08-15 17:42

Kya gracefully moved her arms threw to water, her feet kicking behind her. The Olympic sized pool that she was in was almost devoid of life as it was near closing hour. The only other person present was the lifeguard sat next to the pool in her high chair lazily staring at the water. Kya was a very good swimmer. She had been ever since she took lessons at age six. Now, she was the star swimmer at her school and had won two state championships. She was a senior this year, and as such she wanted to train extra hard foe her final competitions.

Hence the late hours at the pool. As Kya turned to complete her lap, her bladder buzzed, signaling it was time to go. The lifeguard agreed, and blew her whistle signaling closing time. Kya paddled her way to the edge of the pool as her bladder sent her another wave of desperation. Being in or around water had always made Kya need to pee. It had gotten even worse ever since she started swimming.

It was to the point where almost immediately after entering the pool Kya would need to use the toilet. Of course, she could always just pee in the water. Plenty of people did. But Kya had always found it gross, and as such tried to avoid it whenever possible. This had caused some difficult situations during races where Kya's bladder would hold her back from victory.

As soon as Kya exited the pool, her hand darted to her crotch, in an attempt to ease the pressure in her bladder. Quickly Kya wobbled towards The bathrooms and showers which were both housed in the same area. She froze as a small squirt darted into her purple one piece swimsuit. She had to go now. She darted into the toilets as another spasm racked her body. Kya burst through the door into the bathroom and immediately barreled into an open stall.

She slammed the door closed and breathes a sigh of relief before she realized that it wasn’t over yet. Kya started to fiddle with her bathing suit but it was too little took late. Just as she was getting the straps off her shoulders her bladder released and Kya started to pee full force into her suit.

Her face flushed red as she let out a quiet moan of relief. The purple spandex around her crotch suddenly darkened as it began to get soaked. Urine ran down Kya’s legs in rivers splashing against a he tile floor of the bathroom. The stain crept up her backside as she leaned slightly against the door. A puddle began to form between her feet as the last of the pee flowed out of Kya’s bladder.

Kya looked down at her self in dismay. The crotch of her swim suit was nearly black and her legs were soaked with piss. She was an adult for Christ’s sake! How could she be peeing herself like a little girl? Tears started to form at the sides of Kya’s eyes as she made her way out of the bathroom.

She had spare cloths to change into but even though nobody could see her accident, she would always remember it.

