Molly's Long Wait (WIP)

Author: Judd

*000*2016-12-22 21:16

"Mm. This lemonade sure is good." Molly said to her two companions. She had just finished drinking her third cup of lemonade.

"You're already finished? That's your third cup!" her friend Ivy exclaimed.

"I know. But I was just really thirsty today." Molly replied.

Today, Molly was spending her Saturday at the Hendersville Mall with her two friends Kate and Ivy. They had decided to shop for clothes, but at the moment the trio were currently drinking lemonade in the food court. Before settling down, they had just exited the second clothing store they had shopped at.

In Molly's first bag was a nice beige-colored blouse and a matching skirt. In her second was a pair of blue jeans and jeans shorts.

At the moment Molly was wearing a light blue floral shirt, a pair of pink straight pants, and white casual sneakers.

"I'll be right back you guys. I gotta go to to the bathroom. I probably shouldn't have drank all that lemonade like you said." Molly nervously said while getting up. "Can you watch my stuff while I go to the little girls room?"

"Sure." Kate said.

With that, Molly was off. She entered the hallway to where the bathrooms were, only to be met with a janitor whose name tag read "Nick" and his cart of supplies.

"Sorry kid. This is gonna take a while. Go to the bathroom that's two floors down." He said.

"Okay," Molly said dutifully. With that she headed towards the elevators. She then pressed the button to call the elevator.

TBC

