The Carsis Experience Resort

Author: JungleMoon

*000*2022-07-06 10:24

This is a project that I've been working on for a while and is specifically designed for community involvement. I've already designed 2 characters as examples for what is possible within this world, but there are so many other possibilities to play with here. So have fun. Put down what you would want to see a character experience.

But most importantly: Enjoy!

###

Welcome!

Welcome to the Carsis Experience Resort, where all of your dreams become a reality!

Here at Carsis, we offer state of the art experience creation to bring whatever fantasy you have to life. Whatever life experience you wish you had, we have the ability to provide it. With a campus stretching over 1000 acres of land, we have built a resort like none other to the highest specifications.

Whether it be waking in a mansion surrounded by staff or as a forest elf living in the trees, we can provide this through our expansive world building and planning as well as our highly trained staff who welcome you with open arms. But our world building does not stop there!

Through the use of advanced technology, your dreams are our reality. Experience life literally in the shoes of another be it gender, age, or ability.

A day at Carsis is a day like none other.

Packages include:

Residency customization Body modification Clothing Lifestyle planning Support staff So what are you waiting for? Call (555) 022-7747 today to begin planning your get away from reality!

____________________________________________

____________________________________________

“Alright everyone, alright,” Mrs. Crenshaw called over the din of excited students, attempting to draw their attention to the front of the class and away from their friends. “Listen up!”

“EVERYONE!” Mr. Hayfiend shouted, his voice echoing off the stone walls of the pod where all of the seniors had gathered. “QUIET!”

Slowly the noise petered out with only the occasional whisper heard from small groups of friends who were farthest from the teachers. A bit of shuffling, a few sniffs, and a cough echoing as silence finally took hold over the class of seniors excitedly awaiting their senior project. A project they had only heard rumors of, but had never heard exact or believable details of. Everyone who had been able to partake in the project said it was life changing, but, short of a smug smile, that was the only information they were able to give.

“GOOD!” Mr. Hayfiend bellowed once more before motioning his coworker to the stand with a small bow.

“Thank you, Mr. Hayfiend,” Mrs. Crenshaw said with a smile before turning to the now quiet group in front of her. “As you all know, I have been given the task of running the much anticipated senior project. So first, a round of applause for all of you; you did it! You worked hard and applied yourself to your studies. Every one of you has been allowed to partake in this venture because of your efforts throughout your time at Myton High. Additionally, every one of you has passed your final exams with flying colors. Congratulations to all of you!”

A cheer went up from the seniors in the pod as the weight of the stress of final exams was lifted from their shoulders. They were graduating! They were going to go to their school of choice! Whatever the “project” was, it surely was a reward for their hard work!

“QUIET!” Mr. Hayfiend yelled once more.

“Now, you may be wondering what this senior project is and why we asked you to pack for a week away,” Mrs. Crenshaw said with a smile on her face before reaching down and grabbing a box filled with thick plastic cards from inside of the podium. “It is to my delight to introduce you to your home away from home for the next week. Together, we shall be traveling to the Carsis Experience Resort.”

Another round of cheers went up, mainly from the girls who excitedly began speculating what amenities the resort would have.

“Each of you…Ahem!” Mrs. Crenshaw said, clearing her throat loudly to bring attention back to her as she held a card aloft for the students to see. “Each of you will be given a card upon arrival at the resort. On that card will be your reporting station. At your reporting station, you will be given further instructions on what your stay will be like at Carsis. You will not get to choose your card and every card is different. There is no information on the card, so do not assume you and a friend will be able to search for matching cards. Is that clear?”

Another, substantially more disgruntled sounding noise came from the crowd at this announcement. What kind of vacation would this be? True, it was called a project, but what kind of project would take place at a resort? How awful could it be, really?

“Alright! Everyone, grab your luggage and follow me to the buses!” Mrs. Crenshaw said, smiling as she climbed down from the podium and grabbed her own bags.

These wonderful children were in for an experience they wouldn’t soon forget.

*002*2022-07-14 12:12

There's one more chapter of "hey, we're getting there" before we dig into the "rules" of Carsis, so I've just included the following chapter into this one. Glad you think it's interesting and I really hope you'll like this.

_____________________________

_____________________________

Carsis Experience Resort looked for all intents and purposes like a beautiful Spanish style villa built on a hill overlooking rolling hills to the south and east, a forest to the north, and a large lake to the west. Off the back of the building was a well trimmed hedge fence surrounding a large, well groomed yard with several cabins of various styles smattered about. By the lake were several additional cabins as well as a few houseboats floating in the lake itself. Dotted amongst the trees, several more cabins could be seen, their windows flickering with warm candlelight despite the dark forest surrounding them. Even the hills contained several small cottage like cabins which appeared to be set up to look like farmsteads.

As the buses approached the main entrance to the villa, they were stopped by a man dressed in a formal uniform, who alighted the first bus with practiced ease, speaking rapidly to the driver, before stepping off and waving the first bus around the gravel road in front of the villa and into the covered parking just to the east of the villa. The uniformed man then motioned for the following buses to follow suit before reaching a hand up to his ear and speaking rapidly to a hidden entity within the complex.

Once all of the buses were parked, the uniformed man calmly stood near the sweeping staircase at the front of the building, a kind smile frozen on his face as the students disembarked the buses and marveled at the building and its grounds.

“Welcome, everyone,” he said softly, though his voice commanded the attention of all around. “To Carsis Experience Resort. My name is Michael and I am the caretaker of this resort. I’m sure you are all wondering what we mean when we say this is an experience resort, but I am hardly the one best suited to explain the wonders of this place. For that, we will have to go inside. Does everyone have their luggage? Yes? Follow me please!”

Michael quickly turned and began leading the group down the gravel path to the main entrance. As they began climbing the sweeping staircase to the grand entrance, Michael turned around and, continuing to climb the stairs backwards, continued his speech until everyone was stood facing the large, ornately decorated stained glass doors.

“As you enter, each of you will be given a card. This card will divide you into general groups so you can be on-boarded in a more timely manner. Please only take one card as you enter and proceed directly to your color’s door.”

Michael then motioned for the teachers to come forward, their boxes of cards in hand. Gently positioning them so they stood either side of the door, he then removed a key from his pocket with a flourish and unlocked the entrance with a click.

“Welcome to Carsis.”

__________________________________

Megan sighed as she sat in the blue lobby, turning her card over and over in her hand, trying to make sense of it. There wasn’t a single mark on the card indicating what it meant, though she wasn’t truly expecting anything of it. It was just a sorting tool anyways; that much had been made perfectly clear to everyone.

It sucked though. Hannah and Liz had gotten orange cards, Liam had gotten red, Tyler yellow, and Nadia black. She was the only one to have gotten blue of her friends, so here she was all alone with only Gracie the weirdo to keep her company.

Flicking her long, blonde hair over her shoulder and adjusting her tank top, she sighed once more before pulling out her phone only to realize there was no service and her battery was almost dead. A cursory glance around the room revealed there were no outlets anywhere for her to plug her phone in. What kind of resort was this that didn’t even have the most basic amenities?!

Gritting her teeth in frustration, she threw her phone in her bag and crossed her arms over her chest.

“Didn’t bring a book?” a soft voice chimed from right next to her.

“Why would I want to bring a book on vacation, dork?” Megan said, rolling her eyes as she picked up her phone and instinctively looked at it again. “Not everyone wants to spend their days with their nose in a book.”

Gracie rolled her eyes before flipping the page of her book loudly. “Not everyone gets upset about not having cell service either.”

“Megan Lecham?” A voice called to her from the side door.

“Here!” She said chipperly while glaring daggers at the smaller brunette.

“Follow me please.”

“See you around, loser,” Megan whispered as she grabbed her suitcase to follow the woman who had called to her. “Hope nothing happens to your book.”

Purposefully knocking into Gracie’s hand and sending her book crashing to the ground, Megan strode confidently to the door, beaming at the woman who was waiting.

“Follow me please,” a woman dressed in a blue and white striped dress with a white apron and nurses cap said, turning quickly and leading Megan down a long hallway with a blue stripe running down the middle and many identical dark wooden doors spaced evenly along its length. Behind each door, Megan was sure she could hear the murmurs of her classmates who had been called from the blue room before her.

The woman who appeared to be a nurse stopped abruptly in front of a door near the middle of the hallway and ushered Megan in. Sitting herself daintily behind a desk, the woman folded her hands in her lap and smiled widely at Megan.

“Well Megan, what do you know of Carsis?” she asked.

Megan shrugged as she sat her book bag on the floor next to her suitcase before taking the chair opposite the nurse. “Nothing, unfortunately. It seems beautiful here, but… a bit… dated.”

The nurse laughed a bit at that before rummaging around in her desk for a second. Pulling out what appeared to be the very end of a lightning cable from a small jar, she handed it over to Megan. “This will allow you to charge your phone here. We don’t have standard outlets here, so this allows you to place your phone on any flat surface and it will charge. Any counter space here functions as a wireless charger; doesn’t break the experience quite so much for those who do not wish to have electronics around.”

“Oh, wow!” Megan said, popping the lightning adapter in her phone and setting it on the nurses desk, noting in awe that the phone immediately began charging.

“So you know nothing of Carsis? Nothing at all?” The nurse said calmly.

Megan shook her head, her eyes flitting around the room. What other hidden features did this place have?

“Ok then!” the nurse said, brimming with poorly covered excitement. “Carsis is a one of a kind resort specializing in the ultimate escape from reality. I’m sure you saw the cabins outside? Well each of those is for an experience. Let’s say you wanted to experience life in the 1800’s as a pioneer. We would set you up in one of the cabins in the woods, far enough from the road you wouldn’t be able to see any modern technology. Throughout your stay, all interactions you would have would be with staff specially trained to give you the most realistic experience possible.

“But let’s say you want something more extreme. Let’s say you wanted to experience what your life would be like if you were pregnant. We would provide you with a highly intuitive prosthetic which would temporarily bind with your nervous system and make you feel as though you were actually with child. If you wanted to be blind, we have the technology to do that as well.”

Megan’s eyes went wide as the possibilities of such a place ran through her head. She could literally be anything she wanted? Anyone she wanted? For the full week? She could be a princess in a castle, or an elf in the forest, or a wealthy aristocrat! The world was her oyster and she could have it all for a week!

“Typically you would be able to choose most, if not all, of the parameters for your stay,” the nurse continued. “However, your teachers decided that all of you should go down the ‘life experiences’ track as oppose to any historical or fantastical tracks we also offer.”

Megan felt her dreams crumble somewhat, the rug pulled from under her. She could still be the wealthy woman she always dreamed of. She could do…

“In fact, they requested we randomize the experiences as much as possible. So, operating with that knowledge, are you ready to start the onboarding process?”

Megan almost nodded but stopped. “Will I have any say in anything?”

“Oh heavens yes,” the nurse said with a laugh. “Onboarding is where you’ll get to choose as many of the parameters as you can so long as the overarching theme is kept. For example, you couldn’t say you want to have perfect vision but the life experience you are to have is blindness. You would, however, be able to choose the layout out of your room, your comfort level, and how much assistance you would be given. Does that make sense?”

Megan nodded slowly, though she still was uncertain. There was no way this would be the vacation she thought it would be. She just hoped she wouldn’t be in a wheelchair or maimed in some way. The idea of being like that made her shudder.

“Are you ready to begin?” the nurse said, her finger hovering over the enter key of the keyboard.

Megan swallowed hard, her palms suddenly sweaty. “As ready as I’ll ever be, I guess.”

“Fantastic!” the nurse said, gently tapping the key. “Let’s begin.”

_____________________________________

_____________________________________

Megan blew out slowly though her nose as she threw her luggage onto the small sofa in her quaint cottage on the edge of the forest. She could do this; it was only a week.

A week of constantly running to the toilet.

Onboarding had been much different from what she had thought it would be. This wasn’t just pretending, this was a reality simulator where everything you did was truly affected by the choices you had made during the initial process.

The “life experience” she had been given was that of a person with an overactive bladder.

“Oh!” the nurse had exclaimed when that had come across the screen. “That’s an interesting one! There’s so many different parameters you can set!”

“Like what?!” Megan had barely resisted screaming. “How often I piss myself?!”

“If that’s what you want, then yes,” the nurse said, looking rather put out. “It could be how often you feel the urge, how full your bladder actually is when the urge hits, how much time you have to make it to the toilet when you start feeling the urge… things like that.”

Megan huffed and crossed her arms over her chest. This was not what she had had in mind! Not at all! “Where do we start?”

“Ok, so there is a competition set up by your instructor to help you make more … difficult decisions. Each … we will call them disadvantages… you choose, you will be given a point. The more disadvantages you place on yourself, the more points your team will accumulate. At the end of the week, the team with the most disadvantages who was also the most productive will be given a $20,000 scholarship to the school of your choice.”

Megan bit her lip and frowned. $20,000 per person? For only a week of… disadvantages? That seemed an easy prize. A prize that would be hers, even if she had to wet herself every half hour to get it. Hell, she’d even wear a diaper if that would be the winning factor.

“How do we start?” Megan asked firmly, a goal now in mind.

“That’s the spirit!” the nurse said with a chuckle. “First, I’m going to have you take one tablet for me.”

“What kind of tablet?” Megan asked though she still held out her hand. “Some kind of water pill?”

The nurse shook her head in amusement. “More like… nanobots. They can only do what we tell them to, degrade after a week, and are easily processed out of the system, but we use them frequently for more complicated experiences.”

Megan stared at her wide eyed for a moment before taking a deep breath, popping the pill in her mouth, and swallowing. $20,000 scholarship. $20,000 scholarship.

“Ok, now let’s talk appearances. Do you want to look the same or do you want to change something about yourself. We can’t do massive weight loss, but we can do weight gain, pregnancy, or various small body modifications.”

Megan shook her head after a moment. She was fine being herself. She didn’t even want to think about trying to manage different sizes while desperately dancing in front of the toilet. Or running into things or tripping and pissing herself. That would be awful.

“Ok, so let’s think lifestyle. Do “you” drink?”

“Not often,” Megan said after some thought. “Can you make it so if I do it makes everything worse?”

“Absolutely!” The nurse smiled, tapping a few keys on her keyboard.

“Smoking of any kind?”

“Nah,” Megan said, crinkling her nose. “No drugs either.”

The nurse nodded, clicking on a few things on the screen. “Ok, any chronic problems?”

“Other than needing to pee all the time? Nothing.”

The nurse smiled and nodded, her fingers flying over the keys with practiced ease. “So you want the bladder problem to be chronic in nature?”

“Yeah,” Megan said with a shrug. “Why not.”

“Ok, so, moving on to diet. Anything you can’t or won’t eat? This could be in reality or in the experience.”

“Could I keep the fridge stocked with coke?” Megan asked. “That always makes me need to pee at home.”

“Absolutely, though you won’t have to worry about not peeing,” the nurse said, making a note of the request. “Anything else?”

“No, I’ll eat anything.”

“Ok, so now how frequently do you normally pee?”

Megan frowned for a moment as she thought about it. She was terrible about drinking enough, so she hardly had any urge to go. She would just go to the toilet if she needed it.

“Probably every 6 hours or so,” Megan mumbled, her face turning slightly red.

“Ok, now normally we would recommend for someone who normally goes that much to increase that frequency to every 2 hours as you would certainly feel the change. For this experiment, however, I will let you decide. Bear in mind that the more frequently you need to go, the more points you’ll get.”

“Is there a way to, I dunno, randomize it?” Megan asked, nerves already beginning to creep in.

“Yes,” the nurse nodded. “I just need a range of time frames and I can set up a randomizer.”

“How about…” Megan paused for a moment as she thought, her teeth worrying her lower lip. “Between 10 minutes and an hour between pees.”

The nurse nodded her head before typing frantically once more. It took her a few moments longer than before, but soon enough, she leaned back and smiled. “Done. Ok, now, do “you” leak ever? Like if you cough or sneeze? “

Megan nodded without a moment's hesitation. She needed all the points she could muster if she and the rest of her ”team” were going to win. “I dribble every time I cough or laugh and can potentially wet if I sneeze too much.”

The nurse nodded once more, a small smile flitting across her face. The teen in front of her was certainly going to be in for an interesting time during this experience. “Ok, so during the day you’re going to be going every 10 minutes to every hour with the potential to leak if you laugh, cough, or sneeze. What about at night? How often will you need to get up?”

Megan bit her lip as she thought about it. She really did like her sleep and needed at least 7 hours to feel even the least bit functional. 7 hours of uninterrupted sleep, however, did not seem like it was a logical possibility in this scenario, but she was a rather heavy sleeper once she was out.

“I don’t know,” she finally admitted. “I’m a heavy sleeper normally.”

“Protection is not outside the realm of possibility.”

Megan nodded and sighed. “Lets say…. 4 or 5 times every night, but I probably won’t make it every time.”

A few taps on the keyboard later and the nurse nodded once more.

“Alright! I just have a few more things to calibrate and a few tests to run and we’ll take you to your cabin!” the nurse said as she skimmed over the information she had put into the system before turning to the cabinet behind her and removing an absorbent pad and handing it to Megan. “You may want to be sitting on this before we start. You may also want to remove your pants and underwear.”

Megan’s eyes went wide before she quickly pulled her pants and underwear down and sat on the pad. It was quite obvious what was going to happen, but she couldn’t help but feel afraid. She hadn’t peed herself since she was six and even then that was because she had forgotten to go and had been drinking soda for the first time ever. Ever since then, she had worked extremely hard to make sure she had never had to go that bad again. Once was bad enough!

“Ok,” the nurse said, pulling a dial closer to her. “Now, we’re going to start by calibrating the nanobots to what the size of your bladder is right now. This is going to feel very strange, but the bots are going to start filling your bladder, so please let me know when you are feeling the urge to go.”

Megan squirmed at the thought though she didn’t truly feel the need just yet. She had made sure to empty her bladder at the truckstop on the way here as she knew there was a chance that they would be waiting for a long period of time before she would get the chance again, and that was only an hour or so ago. Surely they would be sitting there for a while before she needed to go again, even with the nanobot’s help.

Suddenly, as though a wave came over her, she felt her bladder expand, filling rapidly with urine. Her eyes rolled back in her head and she gasped almost involuntarily as her bladder instantly began to send signals that it was full. Soon she knew she wouldn’t be able to resist and would need to run to the toilet or risk pissing on herself.

“I… I’m feeling it now!” Megan gasped, squirming involuntarily on the pad as the pressure continued to increase, causing it to ride up slightly between her round, athletic buttocks. “Oooohh, I really need to go!”

Suddenly, without warning, the notable increase in pressure stopped, leaving her scrambling to put pressure on her pussy to try and stop the inevitable flow. Oh how she needed to pee! It was absolutely unreal how badly she needed to go.

“Ok,” the nurse said, tapping a few more keys on the keyboard, ignoring her squirms. “This next part is going to be extremely uncomfortable for you, but that’s ok. If you leak or completely wet, that is a part of the process. This will only last for a moment, but what I want you to do is try to hold as strongly as you can.”

Megan nodded, rocking back and forth on the bed for a moment before a spasm began in her lower stomach. It felt as though all of the pressure that was in her bladder was trying to force its way out all at once. It felt as though water was pouring into her bladder! She swore she could almost hear it as it pushed its way into her organ. Her lower abdomen began to swell slightly as she hung on, squirming desperately as urine tried in vain to push its way out.

“Do you feel full?” the nurse said, tapping a button on the keyboard less than a minute after they had started.

“Ye-es!” Megan moaned, crossing her ankles and jamming her hands between her legs in a desperate attempt to stop the drip she could feel coming out. “Oh. Oh God!”

The nurse nodded, her hand hovering over the keyboard almost gleefully. “Alright, I’m going to start inputting all of the settings we previously discussed. If you pee, that is fine. That pad will absorb everything. I’ll begin by setting up the leaks, ok?”

Megan nodded, legs locked together like a pretzel.

“First, cough for me,” the nurse said, her eyes locked on a graph on the screen.

Megan coughed, whimpering as her bladder pulsated at the movement but relieved when nothing came out.

The nurse clicked a few things on the screen and seemed to be inputting some numbers for a few seconds before she turned back to Megan briefly. “Once more, please. You will leak this time, just so you know.”

Megan nodded, a bright red blush spreading over her cheeks as she took a deep breath and coughed once more. A small rush of urine shot from her bladder, quickly soaking into the pad below her. Desperately, she locked her ankles and jammed her hands into her crotch.

“Oh!” She exclaimed. “Oh my God, I just peed!”

The nurse nodded knowingly before she continued to type on the screen. “Are you ready to continue?”

Megan nodded, her desperation continuing to build as she leaned forward slightly. The leak had done nothing to help her bladder, in fact she was feeling even more desperate than before! She had half a mind to release her bladder right there, but she had a sneaking suspicion that the nanobots would just fill her up again to finish the “calibration.”

“Ok, next we’re going to set bladder size. In order to accommodate for the frequency you will be going so you don’t lose a dangerous amount of fluid when you totally empty your bladder, I’m going to shrink your bladder a bit. Again, you will leak quite a substantial amount; don’t worry, this is completely normal.”

Again, Megan nodded, steeling herself against the incoming feeling of wetness. Though her desperation did not decrease, she could feel pee slowly leaking out around her buttocks momentarily before the pad wicked the moisture away. Rocking forward as she tried to change the pressure, she was shocked when another spurt of urine shot from her tortured bladder.

“The hell?!” She gasped, twisting her knees and locking her ankles even farther. “Oh God, I just peed again.”

“Don’t worry about it, the pressure change from moving with such a full bladder is what did it,” the nurse said, tapping one last key. “Last thing, and you will void completely on this one, will be a bladder spasm.This will be uncomfortable, and that is the point. You will feel this and then you will need to pee immediately after.”

Megan nodded, taking a deep breath in through her nose. As she slowly breathed out, her bladder tightened and a rush of adrenaline overtook her as she tried in vain to prevent the pee from coming out. Try as she might, her sphincters proved to be too weak and, after a few moments, she found herself wetting uncontrollably and sighing with relief. The feeling of emptying her bladder after trying to hold for so long was heavenly, almost orgasmic, if she was being honest.

“Alright, now, before you came, you filled out a survey for living arrangements,” the nurse said, handing a package of baby wipes to the girl and a card. ”Let’s get you to your cabin. If you need any groceries or if you want to change any parameters, just call this number.”

Slipping the card into her pocket as she pulled up her pants as she gingerly stood, angry at herself for not thinking the survey they had been given last week was suspicious, rubbing her lower stomach and grabbing her suitcase. Her bladder felt rather sore, but not in a bad way. It felt like when she would do a good workout at the gym and feel super lean and toned and could tell she was holding herself differently.

But she wasn’t holding herself more confidently this time. Now she was squeezing her pussy for all it was worth, focusing on the kegels her mother had told her about. The idea that it was only a matter of time before she was desperate to pee again made her instinctively want to go and try to use the toilet now so she wouldn’t feel that urgency again, but she also knew that going again wouldn’t change anything. She was no longer the master of her own bladder; the nanobots were.

As terrifying of a concept as that was, the idea that she could potentially wet herself if she wasn’t careful was exhilarating. She still wasn’t sure she was going to enjoy this, per se, but she had a feeling that it wasn’t going to be all bad.

“Oh!” The nurse said, slapping a hand to her forehead before motioning to Megan to follow her. “I almost forgot, we need to pick up your other things!”

“Other things?” Megan asked as she grabbed her bags and went to follow the nurse. “I only brought these…”

“No, no,” the nurse said with a chuckle. “Your other travel essentials. You know, the ones which will get you by for the week without completely destroying the bed and whatnot.”

Megan nodded and shifted back and forth on her feet before following the nurse down the hallway to what she assumed would be a spacious supply cabinet. She couldn’t prevent her jaw from dropping as she looked around; there was everything stored in this room she could possibly imagine to make any experience come to life. It was less of a cabinet and more of a store! Health supplies lined one wall while reams of various fabrics lined another, waiting to be made into any kind of specialty clothing. There was even an entire wall dedicated to breast and ass resizing with various silicon prosthetics out for show, likely for sizing purposes.

She didn’t have long to gawk, however, as the nurse turned her attention to the “incontinence” section.

“I would suggest a mattress protector, pull-ups at the very least, and some panty liners for the day,” the nurse said, handing her the packages.

Megan nodded and quickly took the packages from her before pausing, a thought brewing in her mind. “Can we go “shopping” while we’re here? Like as a part of our experience?”

The nurse grinned widely and nodded. “Of course! This experience is what you make of it! And the more you participate in ”real life” activities, the more points you’ll get!”

”Can I only take half a pack of the liners and like, three of the pull-ups then?” Megan said, involuntary shifting on her heels at the thought of what she planned to do over the week while also taking stock of her bladder. Her bladder still felt a bit sore from the earlier calibrations and was already feeling a bit full. Not uncomfortably so, but given the current state of events, she knew she would need to start thinking of where the toilet was soon.

“Absolutely!” The nurse said, grabbing a bag from one of the shelves and stuffing it with the required items. “Is there anything else you want from in here?”

Megan briefly scanned the medical aisles to see if anything stood out to her before meandering towards the first aisle. She could get anything she wanted? Anything at all?

This was a shopper’s dream come true!

Slowly walking up and down the aisles, she took in the wide variety of items which were available for both body alteration and life experiences. There were pregnancy bellies of all sizes, compression garments, prosthetics for everything from ears to wings and more, wigs of every color and texture, and a well organized clothing section with examples from many eras and fantastical realms.

Scanning the racks of clothing, her eyes fell upon a pair of short overalls and a romper. These would be perfect for racking up points! There would be no way she would get them off in time if she was really urgent to pee and that was the point of this. While neither were in the color or cut she wanted, she was sure there was some way to get them custom made for her time here.

Grabbing both items off the rack, she meandered over to the bolts of cloth and slowly began looking over them until she found a light blue denim she knew would show any leaks and a light pink floral.

“We can get things custom made, right?” She asked the nurse who had been standing at the doorway.

“Naturally!” The nurse beamed. “Unless they are needed immediately for changes in body shape, all custom orders have a 12 hour turnaround time and are delivered directly to your doorstep.”

Megan nodded as she hefted the two bolts of cloth off of their shelves and winced as a pang shot through her bladder at the effort. She had only been meandering around the store for about 30 minutes but she had been so engrossed with finding the perfect clothes she had almost forgotten the stipulations she had put on her bladder and now she was already starting to feel it.

“How do I go about checking out?” She said, rubbing her knees together.

“Since this is your first time, they’ll have to get your measurements,” the nurse said, a slight smile on her face as she took in the slight shifts Megan was doing with an expert glance. She’d been doing this job long enough she knew when a guest was beginning to truly feel their change. “Sally? You have a guest!”

A short, grandmotherly woman poked her head out of a side door, a measuring tape draped over her shoulders and pins haphazardly pinned to her uniform top. “Oh hello, dear! I didn’t see you come in! Come, come!”

Sally motioned for Megan to enter her room, waving her towards a slightly raised platform. “Come, come! Step right on up so I can get a look at you!”

Megan gingerly stepped onto the platform, her bladder sending her warning signals once more at the odd movement. “Um… how long is this going to take?”

“Only a few minutes deary,” the seamstress said, wrapping her measuring tape around Megan’s bust momentarily before scribbling down a number.

“Ok,” Megan said, trying to relax into the process. This was only the second time she had been measure for custom clothing and she wanted to enjoy it as much as she had the first time, but her bladder was beginning to beg more frequently for release.

The seamstress really was quick at her job, but by the time she had reached Megan’s legs, Megan’s bladder was well and truly full.

“Alright spread your legs for me dear.”

Megan swallowed hard, resisting the urge to squirm or grab her crotch as she took a step out with one foot and squeezed her pussy with all the strength she could muster. She could already feel the dribble of pee making its way out unbidden. She needed to go so badly it wasn’t even a laughing matter. She felt as though there were a bowling ball sitting in her lower abdomen and the urge to go kept growing with each passing moment.

35 minutes into her “experience” and she was already so desperate to go she was afraid she was not going to make it at all.

“All done, deary,” the seamstress said, offering her a hand to step off the platform. “Anything else you need from me, don’t hesitate to come in!”

Megan nodded, wincing as a spurt of pee forced its way out as she stepped down, causing her to immediately squeeze her thighs together. “Where’s the nearest toilet?”

“Back out in the hallway and to the left. It’ll be the first door on your right,” the seamstress said, waving her hand towards the door. “Not to worry dear, I’ll have the clothing sent to your residence!”

Megan nodded and quickly waddled towards the door, spurts of pee dripping into her panties with every step. If she didn’t get there soon, she was going to need a whole new change of clothing, not something that would come tomorrow. Her bladder was already sending signals of impending release and she could barely stand it.

Reaching the door to the toilet, she threw it open and let out a slight gasp as her bladder suddenly tensed. She quickly ran to the toilet and threw herself on it just as her bladder gave up and released. Had she been one second later, she would have utterly soaked her jeans!

Sitting on the toilet and mopping up the urine from the floor in front of her from where she had missed, Megan sighed and sat for a moment longer. While the sound of urine hitting the toilet bowl could only be heard for a moment, it seemed to last forever in Megan’s ears. She couldn’t believe she had needed to go so badly! She knew it would be coming quickly, but it was insane to her that she could go from empty to bursting in under an hour.

While she wasn’t much into science, she still was curious as to how a Coke would affect her. It would be a good experiment to do.

Sighing, she pulled up her pants, wincing as the cold, wet panties brushed her sensitive pussy, and flushed the toilet. Again, her bladder felt as though it was sore from a workout, which she supposed it had just had. It was strange to have so little ability to control herself when she was used to holding for hours on end.

Flushing and washing her hands, she winced as her bladder spasmed at the sound of the running water. While there was no way there was anything in her bladder, she felt as though she needed to go again. Crossing her legs tightly, she tried to breath through it as the urge built for several seconds before letting up. Breathing a sigh of relief, she uncrossed her legs, dried her hands and exited the bathroom.

“Ready to head to your cabin?” The nurse said with a chipper voice, almost as though she was thrilled at the fact Megan had almost peed herself.

“Yeah,” Megan mumbled, her face flushed with embarrassment. The sooner they got there the better.

“You should drink something,” the nurse said, handing her a bottle of water as well as her luggage. “It’s important to know that the nanobots don’t create the pee, so it will be easy for you to get dehydrated.”

Megan nodded and took the bottle of water hesitantly. She didn’t want to drink a whole bunch but knew she needed to if she didn’t want to feel super dehydrated. She could already feel her mouth going a bit dry, though she wasn’t sure if that was due to the nanobots or her own nerves.

”Alright,“ the nurse chirped, motioning for Megan to follow. “We’ll take the golf cart out. I’d like to show you some of the grounds as well.”

Megan sighed but gamely picked up her luggage. She had been hoping there wouldn’t be a tour and she could go straight through to her cabin, but it looked like luck wasn’t on her side. She could only hope that it wouldn’t be too bumpy of a ride and that there was a toilet somewhere along the tour.

Following the nurse out of the building and to the golf carts, Megan found herself rather confused at the size of the building she had just been in. While it certainly looked large from the outside, it was enormous on the inside; a labyrinthian maze of rooms and halls made to confuse the average person.

Exiting the building and following the nurse to the golf carts, she was surprised that she hadn’t seen any of her classmates yet. It wasn’t as though they were a small group! With nearly fifty students in attendance, she had expected to see someone she knew wandering around the main building or heading to their residences like she was but she hadn’t seen anyone she obviously knew. Unless they had changed their appearances drastically, something she was glad she hadn’t done, it felt oddly lonely walking towards the golf carts.

“Megan?” a voice called out to her as she rounded the last corner. “Megan! Oh my gosh, I thought I was all alone for a moment!”

Whipping around, Megan couldn’t help but feel her jaw hit the floor. “Nadia? Jesus!”

Nadia smiled widely as she waddled towards her friend, a hugely pregnant stomach swaying with each step. “Wait, how’d you end up normal?”

Megan grimaced slightly at the question before quickly hugging her friend. “I wish! How many do you have in there?!”

“Three,” Nadia groaned, running a hand over the stomach and wincing. “And I already hate it. What did you end up with?”

“Uh…” Megan blushed furiously as she readjusted her grip on her bags. “My bladder sucks. Like a lot.”

“Oof,” Nadia chuckled. “I feel that. These brats are constantly pushing against mine. Like I nearly peed myself once already during calibration!”

Megan laughed at the thought of her normally modest friend trying so hard not to let loose in front of someone she didn’t know when a rush of urine ran from her bladder, soaking her panties once more and leaving a small dark patch on the front of her jeans.

“I just peed myself from laughing at you almost peeing!” Megan said, struggling to stop the laughter from continuing and crossing her legs to try and hold it.

“What, seriously?!” Nadia laughed, crossing her legs too as her stomach jumped with each chuckle.

Megan nodded, biting her cheek to stop the laughter from escaping. “Oh this is going to be awful!”

“I know!”

“Alright ladies,” Nadia’s nurse said, motioning towards a golf cart. “Would you two like the tour together or separate?”

“We can go together,” Megan said, Nadia nodding in agreement. “Can we have a bathroom break at the halfway point though?”
