Losing Control in Front of the Whole School

Author: justyourlilboy

*000*2022-07-18 00:17

Jack had just turned 18 and was a bit of a mischievous high school student, he was known to be the school’s prankster, and despite him being transgender, was one of the school’s most known jocks. He loved to pull pranks on everyone, including teachers and usually got away with it.

He had a secret omorashi kink, that he’d discovered when he’d pulled a prank that made a female teacher of his wet her panties in front of the entire class and if she sat a certain way you could see her pussy through her white panties, he’d never been more turned on in his life, despite the teacher’s embarrassment, she hadn’t had a clue, so he thought, that he had caused her to have her accident.

Fast forward a few months and it was a day with a school wide assembly in front of the entire school, fairly normal, these happened a few times a month. Jack made his way into the gym with the class he was with, he’d meant to use the bathroom at lunch and had forgotten, oh well, he should be able to go after the assembly and before he got onto the bus. The assembly went underway, something regarding test scores and so on, and it was about ten minutes to end, jack was squirming a little, but he got called up to the stage.. he wasn’t sure why, he didn’t have any test scores worth anything and he knew that, he stood up, legs shaky as he slowly walked up the stairs to the stage, the principal was talking to him through the microphone for a moment, and before he knew it, he’d been grabbed by the security guards, before he had time to try and break away, a big x board was brought out, and his arms and legs were secured to them, without an ability to move.

“H-hey! hey! what the fuck!?” he yelled, as the principal spoke over him with the microphone, “Boys and girls, Jack here today is in need for a bit of a punishment for a sake of revenge by a particular teacher he pranked.” the crowd made “ooo” sounds as said teacher approached, and he knew he was done for, she smirked at him. “You should have been smarter with your prank, Jack.” she said, walking around him, her fingernails tracing his arms, he wiggled. “C-come on! I’m sorry! I’ll do anything please-“ he begged, she just chuckled, “Oh you’re gonna do something alright, in front of the entire school.” Her fingernails started to tickle his ribs as he jerked, laughing hysterically, “HAHAHAHA- NO NO PLEASE WAIT-“ he tried to beg, she didn’t listen, two other female teachers came up beside him, one going for his armpits, the other pulled his pants off before going for his feet. He squirmed, laughing and wheezing as their tickling got faster.

There were wide eyes all amongst the crowd, some filming and taking pictures, some in shock, some potentially touching themselves to the sight, calling names and sentences “Tickle him harder!”

“Make him pee!”. A few minutes of this attack went on, before they’d stopped for a moment, letting him breathe, he whined as he begged, his small cock hard in his underwear and it was clear. “P-please.. I-I’ll do anything but if you keep going I’ll pee..” That made them smirk, “That’s our goal,” she whispered before all of the hands were back on him again, he jerked, “NO NO PLEASE-“ he begged, laughing, his hips bucking, the teachers grinned, “You gonna piss for us?”

“Pssshhh- Psssssshhh” He lost a spurt into his underwear, “PLEASE NO- I’M GONNA PEE-“ he begged inbetween laughs, they only tickled harder, one teacher pressed down on his bladder and he lost it, his piss shooting into his underwear as it pooled below him, he whined, “n-no no..” one of the teachers moved his underwear, piss shooting from his vagina and out onto the stage in front of them. The crowd was mocking him, “Jake just pissed!”

“Gross!”

“Look he’s turned on!”

“Slut!” They kept tickling him until he stopped peeing, before they retracted their hands from him, “Now you get to stay here all night, and everyone will see you just like this again in the morning.” She spoke to him, he whined in protest, but to no avail. He was left to make a mess of himself over and over all that night and the following day, some students tickling him, some touching him, one even made him squirt, all filmed and watched by everyone, Jack, the school piss slut.

