The football girls

Author: Joey1234

*007*2020-05-25 23:24

Part 5

It was now game day at the local football club and 15yr old Molly was getting ready for her first game with the team. Admittitly she was a bit nervous about her first time playing with the team, what if she messed up and let the team down and everybody hated her for it. For a while she just sat there in the changing room whilst the other girls stood around chatting. She was about to go meet up with her friends Amy and Samantha but before she could she was called on by the teams coach, Mrs Peters. She slowly walked out of the changing room to meet the coach who was talking with someone who was a similiar age to her which Molly assumed was her husband. When Mrs Peters noticed her come out the changing room she greeted in her usual friendly manner, that was the thing about Mrs Peters, whilst she had her strict training regiment and even stricter bathroom policy she was still a good coach who was never mean or insulting to the other girls unless they diserved it.

Molly in return greeted the coach in an equally friendly manner and the coach gave her the usual coach pep talk before the game basically telling her to not be nervous and to just do her best. This didnt really do much as she was still very nervous which caused another issue that she hadnt thought about till now, her bladder. See whilst Molly had a strong bladder on its own one thing that always triggered a need to pee was nervousness which had caused several incidents in the past when she was thrown into nerve racking scenarios. Big deal she thought she would just head under the bleachers and pee there which she was about to do until she was called over to the rest of the team by Mrs Peters.

Molly nervously walked over to the team as she wouldnt get another oppurtunity to go pee for a while now as Mrs Peters always kept an eye on the bench goers during matches to make sure they never went anywhere and as usual the players on their team were not permitted to use the bathroom and if she tried Mrs Peters would surely notice. When Molly was with the rest of the team Mrs Peters started going over the game plan and reading the starting lineup which surprise surprise Molly was not a part of and since she was on the bench it gave her a bit of time to focus on controlling her bladder which was a good thing as when she was on the field she would only be able to focus on playing.

Soon after that the game began and Molly watched on as her team performed to the best of the ability to try and score a goal in the oppositions goal, in truth she was impressed by how well her team played as her team were able to mostly keep the ball on the other side of the goal. As Molly watched on the feeling in her bladder started to grow as she tried to just forget about it as the game went on. Eventually Molly became thirsty as it was very warm outside on that particular day. To counter the thirst she started to take big gulps out of her water bottle which she knew was a bad idea as it would hurt her bladder in the longrun but it was even worse to be dehydrated when she had to go on the pitch. As she waited for a sub the feeling in her bladder continued to get stronger sending strong messages that it needed relief.

Molly wished that she would be able to just go to the bathroom and release the contents of her bladder into the toilet or even just to be able to go to the bleachers and pee on the grass but alas she couldnt so she just had to endure as she felt the urine gushing inside her. Eventually without warning Molly was called on by Mrs Peters and told to go onto the pitch to play defence. Molly quickly obliged and headed out onto her teams half of the pitch.

Throughout most of her time on the pitch the ball stayed on the oppositions side and she only had to spring into action a few times during the first half of the game and when she wasnt playing she was thinking of two things, 1, when she had to spring into action and 2, her bladder. Over the course of her time on the pitch her bladder had gotten much worse and since she couldnt hold herself due to the fact that she would be noticed she just kept her legs crossed and shifted around alot whilst standing there as the pee begged for release. Eventually she was called off the pitch and ten minutes later it was half time.

Once the coach callled them all off the pitch they had a quick half time team talk in which the coach congratulated them on their performance as tthe team had managed to score a goal bringing the score to 1-0 them. After the team talk the girls all headed off to fill up their water bottles by the changing room whilst Amy and Samantha headed over to the bleachers, probably to go pee or something. Molly was about to join them until Mrs Peters stopped her and told her to sit down on the bench so they could chat.

Mrs Peters then went on to tell her how she performed well for the first time on the pitch and went on to give her some more tips whilst Molly kept a constrained smile on her face as all she wanted to do was to be able to pee to the point where she had discretly put a hand to her crotch to reduce the pressure on her full bladder. Eventually the coach stopped talking and as soon as sshe was off the bench the whistle blew indicating that half time was over and the second half was starting. Molly nearly broke down in tears at this realisation and the coach asked her if she needed to fill up on water to which she responded with a no, even though she could have easily lied and got a chance to go to the bleachers but she didnt want to lie to her, for some reason.

The second half kicked off and surprisingly Molly was on the starting line up, the bad thing though was that meant she couldnt hold herself to better control her poor bladder and had to resort to crossed legs and fidgeting which was no longer as helpful. During the second half the opposition played significantly better as the ball was on her side of the pitch more often meaning Molly had more work to do which wasnt good on her full bladder. Eventually she was called off the pitch and took a seat on the bench. She thought she would be better able to hold herself but she was wrong as her bladder went into full overdrive mode sending wasve after wave of pressure to her already strained bladder.

Molly doubled over to try to hold it in but at this point she was worried she would pee herself again and she didnt want to pee herself twice in under a month. Molly tried her best to hold it in but eventually a spurt of pee was able to escape her poor bladder which dampened her dry panties and left a look of shock on her face but lucklly she didnt wet herself. Molly was so focused on her bladder that she didnt realise that the game was 15 minutes from ending and all the people on the bench incluidng the coach were stood up cheering her team on Molly prayed that she could hold it till the end but deep down she knew she couldnt.

Maybe thats what made her think of her now empty water bottle sitting right next and how nobody would see her if she were to pee inside of it. As soon as the idea was in her head she grabbed the bottle and ducked down over the other side of the bench. She quickly unscrewed the lid and lowered her shorts and panties to her mid thighs. It took a while to get the bottle in position but when it was in position she relaxed her tired holding muscles. A small stream of pee then flowed from her urethra as she tried her best to keep it slow and quiet so no one would hear it.

As urine flowed into the bottle she resisted the urge to sigh so no one would notice which was harder than she thought due to the fact of how relieving it was to let all tht urine out of her body as it had been trapped there for ages. Molly looked down to see the liquid flowing from her urethra into the large bottle and noticed that it was nearly full but she still thought she wouldnt overflow which luckily for her she was right. When her stream ended she quickly screwed the lid back onto the bottle before pulling her shorts and panties back up. Eventually the game ended and since no one scored during theb second half the final score was 1-0 her team meaning they had won. Molly smiled and after they had been congratulated Molly and the rest of the team retutned to the changing room and before she did noticed the other girls in her team who were standing in line for the toilet which made Molly think about just how close she was to wetting herself and she was gald she didnt

End of part 5

*008*2020-07-10 23:24

Part 6

At the local football club it was once again tike for the 12 to 13yr olds to begin their practice. As the girls on the team began to surround their coach Mrs Peters one other girl showed up just before they were about to be given instructions on what to do ofor the first pracice stretch. The girl that showed up last was Kacey who was running late due to sleeping in and had to run to make it in time. Once Kacey arrived the girls began their regular boring running exercises that they would always do in the first stretch of training. Once the training had started Kacey started to converse with her friend Monica while they ran and eventually they got to talking about Kacey's lateness.

"So what happened to make you late your usually the first one here" Monica asked her, curious to find out. "Oh I just slept in late today and didnt notice, I didnt even have time to use the toilet before I left the house.". Monica then responded with "Oh are you gonna be okay". Kacey responded with "Yeah I'll just go in the sink during the break.". Monica looked at her and said "I hate to tell you this but someone blocked all the sinks and they're unusable so you wont be able to go there.". Kacey was a little shoocked by this but at the same time she didnt have to go that bad, sure she definitely felt like she needed to go but not like she was desperate and anyway surely she could hold it by now, right ? Kacey then erased the thought of her bladder from her head and continued training until the end of the first practice stretch.

When the first practice stretch ended all the girls exited the pitch, Kacey included and took a seat on the dry grass. Kacey then retreieved her water bottle and pondered over drinking from it, on one hand she still had to pee but on the other hand she was thirsty and she didnt want to go the whole two and a half hour practice without drinking anything. Eventually her thirst got the better of her and she began taking large swigs from her water bottle whilst she chatted with Monica, sure that water would be affecting her bladder later but she knew she wouldn't be in a comfortable state by the time she got to use the toilet anyway.

After a while the coach called the team back onto the pitch for the next stretch of practice where they started to get into some basic football drills. Over the coarse of this practice session Kacey started to become more uncomfortable due to the pressure in her bladder building up over time, this added pressure was causing her to fidget more often to the point where she would rarely stand still when not practicing. Over time Monica noticed Kacey's behaviour and asked her if she was alright to which she replied with an uncertain yes leaving Monica unconvinced that she would make it in the end as she could tell she was quite desperate for the toilet and so could other people on the team. Never the less Kacey continued on with her bladder getting more uncomfortable by the minute leaving her seriously regretting not using the toilet before she left.

By the time the second stetch of practice ended Kacey was not in a good state as she could simply not sit still due to the pressure from her bladder and even while sitting down she was constantly shifting around and giving very visual hints that she had to pee. As for Kacey herself she was cursing herself for not using the toilet when she had the chance as she was now in this predicamentof being desperate to pee, then again a quick filling bladder was always a problem for Kacey as for some reason her bladder would always fill up really fast meaning she could become desperate in a short amount of time and when she did get to pee it would be the equivalent of a waterfall escaping from her pee hole.

Due to this she had to learn how to hold her pee from an early age so that meant she would spent time trying to go as long as possible without using bathroom or peeing herself and over the years she had definitely gotten better at holding her pee but even with her increased holding skill she was still unsure about whether she could make it or not as her bladder seemed to be filling up even faster than usual, that or she had drank more than usual she couldn't really remember. Along with learning how to better hold her pee she had also prepared on what to do if it was an emergency and there was no bathroom around such as learning how to pee outside and how to pee in a bottle, infact to this day she keeps an empty two litre bottle in her room incase of emergencies which she has sadly had to use fairly recently due to being desperate when she got home from school only to find her bathroom occupied by her mother.

Eventually Mrs Peters shouted to indicate the next stretch of practice was begininging. This shout shocked Kacey and nearly caused her to lose control of her bladder but luckily she was able to stem the flow of urine to the point where only a small spurt escaped her pee hole. The shock of losing a drop caused Kacey to throw her hands in her crotch to stop any more pee from escaping. Once Kacey felt in control of her bladder she slowly stood up which was hard for her due to the fullness of her bladder but never the less manged to make her way to Mrs Peters who was about to give an anouncement.

Once all the girls were around Mrs Peters she announced that due to personal circumstances training would be ending early and this would be the last stretch of training. Kacey was exstatic as this meant she would finally be able to pee, all she had to do was last half an hour which admititly was easier said than done but she had to try. Kacey and the rest of the team began the last phase of practice which was hell for Kacey as every ounce of energy was going towards not peeing herself as her bladder was so unbelieveably full at this point she was struggling to even run. Over the next half an hour Kacey leaked pee several more time which eventually left her underwair soaked and filled Kacey with dread.

Eventaully Mrs Peters announced that practice was over and that the girls were free to go Kacey was overjoyed to hear this and headed straight for the bathrooms and waited for Mrs Peters to unlock them. But to her horror Mrs Peters just packed everyhting up and left in her car.Kacey nealry creid when she found out she couldnt go as this meant she would have to go home and use the toilet there and luckily for her her house was five minutes away so as quick as she could she grabbed her stuff from the changing room and headed down the road to her house.

The walk home was probably the hardest thing Kacey ever had to do as her bladder was so full to the point that it created a huge bulge in her stomach and every step was painful but Kacey was a fighter and she would not wet herself at this point and continued on down the road to her house. When she saw her house in the distance she full on sprinted to her front door and threw it open. She quickly removed her shoes and darted upstairs to the bathroom and when she tried to open the door she was shocked to find it locked. She loudly banged on the door only to hear the voice of her mother from the other side.

Kacey realised she wouldnt make it and realised she had one more option. She quickly darted to her room and slammed the door behind her , after locking the door she quickly threw a towel onto the flooras she always did when she did this. She then knelt down to find the bottle she kept under her bed but the minute she found it her bladder gave out and started releasing a thick yellow stream of pee into her pants which splattered onto the wooden floor of her bedroom. Kacey, acting fast unscrewed the lid of the bottle and ran over to the towel leaving a small trail of pee behind her.

When she was over the towel threw her pants and shorts down and positioned the bottle over her urethra. Kacey let out a loud sight of relief as the pee exited her full force and splattered into the bottle under her pee hole. Kacey looked down to see her stomach deflating and the bottle filling up with her pee. As her stream continued Kacey looked at the damge done to her sorts and came to the conclusion that they would definitely need washed and as for her pants they were full on soaked. As Kacey continued peeing she heard her toilet fluch and the bathroom door open meaning her mum must've come out of the bathroom.

Eventually Kacey's stream subsided and she brought the bottle up to her face to see how much she peed. She was surprised to see that she had pee over a litle as over half the bottle was full. She then looked down at the floor and realised she would have to clean this up and there was quite a bit of pee on the floor. Eventually she heard a knock on her bedroom door and then the voice of her mother saying "Kacey, are you alright, was it an emergency". Which basically meant did you to pee in the bottle. Kacey responded by saying she was alright and she then heard her mother walk away from the bedroom door. Kacey then looked down at the puddle and realised she had some cleaning to do

End of part 6

P.S Anyone wondering how those sinks got blocked maybe we'll find out

*011*2020-07-19 02:02

{{On 7/17/2020 at 2:14 AM, bibibibi said:

Can you make them pee in the urinal?

}}

Maybe ;)

*013*2020-07-23 00:10

Part 7

As it was every Sunday morning 15yr old Amy was arriving at the practice of her local football club with her two friends Samantha and Molly. As they arrived at the pitch all three of the girls noticed that they needed to pee and since the regular bathrooms were locked as usual they headed over to the abandoned bleachers which was where they usually went when they had to pee before or during practice. When the girls arrived over to where the bleachers should be they were surprised to see that they were absent from where they usually stand leaving only the dirt marks from where it once stood. The girls were obviously confused as they couldn't see the old bleachers anywhere it was as if they had completely dissapeared.

Although they were confused about where the bleachers had gone they had another problem to deal with that being since the bleachers were gone they would gave to hold it or find somewhere else to pee and so far no one had an idea on where to go, Samantha was especially worried due to her not having gone in over twelve hour and she had drank quite a lot that morning. Amy and Molly weren't as bad off as Samantha but they too could feel the pressure of their pee building up in their bladders and also hadn't gone in a while due to the fact that they would always just go underneath the bleachers.

The three girls just stood around for a minute until their coach gave them instructions to begin the first phase of training. Before they started training Samantha asked the coach what happened to the old bleachers to which she responded saying that it was reported that someone in the year group below them reported that other year groups had been "missusing" them and that the coach decided to remove them. Samantha was a little shocked by the news and in her head she thought "Does someone know that we use it to pee in.". Either it annoyed her that someone found out and reported them, now they would have to go back to being desperate by the end of practice. Samantha thought for a minute and realised "I've got to get them back".

As the first phase of training commenced the girls seemed to be doing fine in terms of their need to pee as the need wasn't too great yet they could perform at the level they usually do but as the first phase commenced all three of the girls could feel the pressure in their bladders building up, it was slow but steady as if the desperation was creeping up on them. It was about halfway through the first the first session that the girls got to talking with each other. Amy asked Samantha if she learned what happened with the bleachers to which she replied with what she heard from the coach.

The two girls were both shocked and angry that they had been snitched out like that but Samantha insured them that they would get them back and that she was just brainstroming ideas on how to do it which the other two girls were satisfied with. By the end of the first practice stretch all three of the girl's need to pee had grown significantly as they were constantly shifting around a lot while moving. It didnt help that the three girls had taken larege swigs of their water bottles whilst training due to the dehydration they were feeling. As the girls were talking they gradually got into the topic of how their bladders were feeling to which they responded truthfully saying their need to pee had increased exponentially since the first stretch of training and that in all honestly none of the girls knew if they would make it or not.

During the next few sessions the girls need to pee had started growing at a rapid pace, even faster than the girls had predicted. By the end of the third practice stretch all three of the girls had their hands in their crotches and were squirming around alot whilst talking amongst each other and when the fourth practice stretch commenced it was blatantly obvious that she had to pee even the coach noticed the girls with their legs crossed and their hands in their crotched but she didn't say anything, she never did.

By the time they were halfway through the fourth practice stretch Samantha was the first one to leak as she lost a spurt of pee from her pee hole which dampened her white panties, causing her to double over to ensure she didn't have a full blown accident. Molly and Amy had to turn away at the signt of Samantha doubled over to avoid them leaking as well, which was hard at that point as their bladders were just so full. By the time the fourth break started the girls couldn't sit still anymore, they had to constantly keep moving in order to not pee themselves the girls were about to give up but Samantha ensured them that they could make it through the last practice stretch all they had to do was keep holding.

As the last stretch of practice began the girls had never been this desperate in their lives not when Amy first found the bleachers, not when Samantha went to the bleachers with her sister and not when Molly had to pee in a bottle during the game, this was the most desperate they had ever been. As the minutes ticked on they could feel the pressure in their strained bladders as it begged them to release but just as they thought it was all over the coach blew the last whistle. As quick as they could the three gitls rushed to the toilets followed by several other girls that also had to pee.

When the girls got to the toilet they threw open the door which was left unlocked as the coach always left it open a few minuted before practice ended and almost simultaneously ran into the first three available stalls locked the door, threw down their shorts and panties and after sitting down on the toilets let out a loud sigh. Almost immediately three loud streams of pee exited their floodgates echoing loudly throughout the toilet. The girls kept on sighing as the pee flew out of their strained holding muscles as they thanked god that they were able to make it. As their streams finished they all exited their stalls at the same time and after everyone had left Samantha said to them "Grab every roll of toilet paper you can carry and go to the changing room sinks, I'll explain when we're there"

End of part 7

*015*2020-08-27 10:28

{{12 hours ago, CookeWawa said:

Love this!

}}

Thx If I get some new ideas im hoping to continue this one day

*016*2020-10-08 21:58

Part 8

It was a bright sunny day at the local girls football club and 13yr old new comer Louise was sitting on a bench embracing the warm sun as she waited for the practice to start. As she waited for the practice began another girl from the team went up to her and introduced herself. The girl said name was Taylor and the two sat together and talked for a bit as more members of the team started to fill the pitch with some just standing around and chatting whilst others went into the changing room.

Louise then realised that she too had a bag to deposite into the changing room and so she excused herself from her conversation with Taylor and slowly trotted over to the changing room. When she arrived she saw that there were only three girls left, two that were sitting on the bench and one that was standing over by the sink who was still getting chnged into her gear and was in the process of pulling her shorts up, she thought it was a bit weird to get changed next to the sink but not like it inconvienced her in anyway. The three girls noticed her and said hi as they walked out of the changing room.

Louise quickly threw her bag of stuff on bottle of her bench after taking out her full bottle of water and went back outside to rejoin Taylor. Before the two girls walked over to the pitch to begin practice Louise decided that she had better go to the bathroom before she started as she felt a small twinge in her bladder telling her that she needed to pee. As they walked past the toilets Louise told Taylor she was gonna go pee quickly and before Taylor could say anything Louise had pulled the toilet door only to discover that it was locked. Louise turned to Taylor who then said "I probably should have told you, the toilets are locked until the end of practice.".

Louise asked Taylor if she was serious and she told her yes which worried Louise as throughout her life she was never the best at holding her pee. Louise decided that she would just have to endure it as according to Taylor there was no way to get the coach to open the toilet door before the end of practice, infact Taylor told her that she tried once to get the coach to open the toilets and she was made to run laps which ended up causing her to wet her pants, and to make matters worse the coach still didnt open the toilets even though she still had more pee to release wich meant she ended up peeing behind the changing rooms as she didnt want to wet her shorts again.

After their conversation the two girls headed onto the pitch to begin their practice with Louise still needing to pee. When they got to where the coach was the first thing the coach did was introduce the team to Louise and after that they were made to do some their regular warm up/fitness drills that they usually did until their first break. During the training Louise could still feel that twinge in her bladder telling her to go pee, it was nothing serious but she knew it would get worse and with two and a half hours of practice she knew she would be struggling by the end. Louise passed the time during the boring fitness exercises talking to Taylor Where they mostly discussed trivial things, such as their school and home. Eventually Louise could feel herself becoming more in need of a toilet as she could feel the desperation inside of her as practice went on and it was gradually becoming more uncomfortable.

As the first stretch of practice ended the coach called for a break. Louise took a seat next to Taylor who was sitting there trying to catch her breath after dealing with Mrs Peters ruthless running exercises. Louise herself was also very tired and she was debating whether or not to drink from her water bottle as she knew it would not help her bladder. Eventually she deiced to start drinking as she didnt want to be too tired throughout the rest of the practice. As the two girls sat there Taylor asked Louise if she still needed to pee which Louise hadn't been thinking about and when it was brought up she noticed her need has increased exponentially as she noticed that she had started shifting around. Louise was honest and said that she needed to go worse than before and Taylor then admitted that she had to pee too and that she also wasn't very good at holding it. Eventually Mrs Peters called on the girls to begin the next phase of training and the girls ready to begin.

The next part of the training consisted of some basic dribbling and passing drills which Louise felt she was farely good at as her passes were always accurate and she had great control with the ball. Louise looked over at Taylor and noticed that she wasn't as skilled with the ball as her passes were off quite a bit and she sometimes fumbled with the ball whilst dribbling at higher speeds. Throughout the training Louise also noticed Taylor always seemed to be moving about, even when she stood still, Louise thought to herself "How badly does she have to pee ?".

Its not like Louise was in that bad of a state, I mean sure she shifted about quite a bit but at least she could keep still. Looking at Taylor was helping Louise's bladder as seeing Taylor desperate seemed to be making Louise's need to pee increase as she herself had started shifting in place more often and she even kept her legs anytime she wasn't moving, Louise realised that holding it throughout the entire practice was going to be a difficult business.

During the next break both girls were very desperate to pee as they both sat with there legs crossed and struggled to stand still when stood up. Louise then asked Taylor "Hey how long have you had to pee ?". Taylor looked embarassed and said "Since before practice, I had actually tried to go to the toilet before I met you.". Louise figured this made more sense as she seemed just, if not more desperate than her despite only having to pee since the first practice stretch. The girls continued to talk until the next practice stretch began and they were told to get up. As soon as Louise got up she felt her bladder spasm and she was genuinely scared she could wet herself. She threw her hands into her crotch until she felt in control of her bladder to which she then headed over to the rest of her team.

During the next practice stretch was when things really started to get bad, Louise's need was starting to get worse and worse as she felt the need to constantly keep moving to keep herself from peeing and she eventually tried to discreetly keep her hands in her crotch so as to avoid involuntery peeing. Louise looked over at Taylor and saw that she wasn't doing any better as it looked like she was full on pee dancing and she too had her hands jammed into her crotch. As the stretch of practice went on Louise felt her bladder spasm a couple more times to the point where it felt like she would leak at any second.

Luckily for her the practice activities weren't that hard as they were focused on shooting drills and she could uuse the excuse that she wasn't that good of a striker if her kicks looked off when it reality it was because she was really desperate to pee. When Louise checked in on Taylor she saw that she seemed to be doing better at the shooting ddrills than her even with a full bladder which she was kind of jealous of. Near the end of the practice stretch Louise fellt another much stronger bladder spasm, so strong that it caused a bit of pee to escape from her pee hole and dampen her panties. Louise threw her hands in her crotch and prayed that she could hold it as she was terrified of peeing infront of everyone, the only thing she wanted to do at the moment was threw herself on a toilet and release the torrent of pee stuck inside her.

At the next interval Louise ran over to Taylor and said "Taylor I need to pee now, if I dont get a chance to go Im gonna pee myself." Taylor replied with "I know Im bursting too infact I've already leaked in my undies.". All hope seemed lost for the girls until Louise another building that looked just like the toiley block but it was next to the other pitch, Louise asked what it was and Taylor said. "Thats the pitch where the boys team practices and the building is their toilet, wait maybe it'll be open.".

The two girls discreetly made their way over to the other toilet block taking great care to not attract any unwanted attention. When the girls reached the boys toilets they tried the door and to their delight it opened, quick as a whistle the girls threw the door open and ran inside. When the girls were inside they were horrified to find that the stalls were out of order and the only thing available was the urinals. Louise had pretty much given up at this point and was ready to just pee herself until Taylor ran over to the urinals screaming "Sorry Louise I cant hold it anymore.".

Louise saw as Taylor threw down her shorts and panties til they were around her ankles and used her hands to position her urethra. Once she was ready a think fast stream of pee shot out of her and splattered onto the urinal as Louise watched in aw as her own bladder begged to be released. As Taylor was emptying her own strained bladder Louise realised that she would have to do the same thing, so she went to the urinal that was furthest from Taylor and quickly threw her shorts and panties down to her ankles. She then tried to use her hands to position her urethra to the point where it wouldnt splatter into her shorts, which was hard as her bladder sensed it was near a toilet and tried to releases its contents.

When Louise was properly positioned she opened the floodgates and another stream shot out of her, one that was more thick and yellow than Taylor's. As both girls peed they both let out audible sighs of relief as their pee exited their bodies and splattered into the urinal leaving the girls with a euphoric sense of relief. Eventually Taylor's stream slowed to a dribble and the last feww drops landed on the floor and in her pants, Louise also noticed that her pants were more damp than hers indicating that she leaked more than her over the course of training.

Eventually Louise stream ceased to exist and she too was completely emptied or urine. Both girls stood there for a minute until Louise said "Looks like you really had to go.". Taylor replied with "Yeah I know, hey since no one esle practices here at the same time as us maybe we could run here if we're feeling desperate.". Louise fought about this for a second and agreed after all knowing her there would certainly be another time where she would forget to pee before practice.

End of part 8

*019*2021-01-14 01:04

Part 9

Authors Note: This part was partly inspired by a piece of art work of a group of girls sports gear running to pee in a river. I cant rememeber the image off the top of my head but if I find it I'll link it here

Amy was sat patiently amongst the other girls of her football team waiting for the teams bus to arrive. The team was on their way to an away game and had to take the teams stage coach to reach the opposing teams pitch. Since it was a 2 and a half hour trip Amy had brought more refreshments than usual along with the lunch that her mum had provided for her. Normally she wouldn't have arrived at the pitch during an away game until the bus had already arrived but due to the fact that an old school friend named Jennie had recently joined the team and she usually arrived much earlier than her she decided she would be an early bird for the day. No sooner did Jennie cross her mind she heard a nearby voice calling her name.

Amy turned around to see her old friend waving at her. Amy was quiet girl, tall for her age but one thing that made her stand out was her beautiful blonde hair. Amy walked over to Jennie to greet her and saw that she was carrying her sports bag in one hand and a bottle of water in the other. The two sat down and began a conversation with Amy saying "Hey Jennie you'd better make sure you dont drink all your water before the game.". Jennie responded back by saying "Dont worry I brought plenty of drinks, and besideds its so hot out here.". Amy agreed and decided it would be good to start breaking in to her water supply and quickly drank two 500ml bottles of water.

It was another 30 minutes before the bus arrived and when it pulled up out stepped the teams new coach Mrs jenkins. In many ways iss Jenkins was very similar to their old coach Mrs Peters, they were both tought and determined coaches who pushed the girls to the best of their ability. Though one thing that Miss Jenkins did do better than Mrs Peters was her bathroom policy, as she would allow the girls to go to the toilet during break which made practice a hell of a lot easier now that the old bleachers were removed, several times during practice she felt like she was on the verge of wetting herself, one time she even had to have a pee in the changing room sinks during one of the breaks.

This change in bathroom policy was also great for Jennie due to bladder infection meaning she had to go to the toilet very often, infact on the same day of practice that Amy had to pee in a sink Jennie had resorted to peeing in a discarded bottle, so having a more leniant bathroom policy was definitely a plus for them.

The coach gathered the girls around the bus and prepared to talk. "Alright girls, first thing I have to say is that unfortunately the bus's air condition is not working so the bus is going to be very hot. But on the bright side the other team's pitch does have a water tap so feel free to drink as much water as you brought.". Slowly all of the girls gathered onto the bus one by one with Amy and Jennie being the last ones on the bus. When the two girls got on the bus they could immediately feel the sweltering heat from the inside, they sure were glad they brought extra drinks. Since the only seats available were in the back row the two girls sat next to each other.

When the bus set of literally all of the girls in the team started drinking entire bottles of water they has brought from home, some girls only had one and went through the whole thing in 15 minutes whilst others had brought several and were either rationing out their water for the whole trip or drinking as much as they wanted as they would just refill it when they got to the pitch. Both Amy and Jennie were the one who drank as much as they wanted as they were both feeling extremely thirsty.

After half an hour Jennie had stopped drining entirely even thought she still had plenty of water. Amy asked her if she was still thirsty and she said yeah, but she was saving the rest for later. Amy was confused until she noticed how much Jennie had been shifting around in her seat, thats when it hit her. "Oh she must have to pee." Amy thought to herself, all that water must be starting to go through her. At this point Amy herself was starting to feel a tad uncomfortable in her abdomen. "Shit" Amy thought to herself as she realised the stupidy of her over drinking. She knew that there would be no stops during this ride and she had drank tons of water up to this point, she was sure to be desperate soon and the trip still had two hours left.

No sooner than she expected Amy's desperation began to ramp up, slowly becoming more in need of a wee as time went on in only 30 minutes Amy had her legs crossed and looking over at Jennie Amy saw that she was doing even worse than she was, jennie had her hands dug in crotch and she was violently shaking in her seat. Amy looked over at Jennie and she caught Amy's gaze. Jennie whispered to her saying "This is bad Amy, I've had so much to drink and now I'm bursting for a wee.".

"Dont worry Jennie I need to go too. I new I shouldn't drank soo much." Amy responded trying to comfort her friend. "No Amy you dont understand I dont think I'm going to be able to hold it till we reach the pitch." . "Jennie try not to think about it.". Amy's response was all the advice Amy had and try as they might they couldn't seemto be able to get their bladder urges under control.

The girls continued to sit in agony as the pain in their bladders grew, for Amy it was bad as she now had her hands dug in her crotch but for Jennie it was pure pain as she felt her bursting bladder begging to be emptied. The girls were now halfway through the trip and both were on the verge of wetting themselves. The girls were about ready to give up until they heard the shouting of another girl down the bus.

"Miss can we stop the bus somewhere ? I really need the toilet." . The coach, who was driving the bus looked at the girls from the mirror and said that she though it would be clear that there would be no stops. The girl responded by saying "Please it's an emergency, I drank too much water.". Another girl also responded saying that she too really needed to pee and Miss Jenkins asked all the girls collectively if they needed to pee. Every single girl on the bus admitted a dire need for the toilet and Miss Jenkins realised than unless she wanted to subject the cleaners to a lot of mess she would have to stop the bus somewhere.

Miss Jenkins knew this part of the road well and she realised that the only place to pull over was an old abandoned picnic area surrounded by a small ditch. Mrs Jenkins then asked if the girls were willing to pop a squat and pee. Pretty much every girl said yes including Amy and Jennie. The coach said "Look theres an abandoned picnic area in a forest thats 15 minutes from here, if you can make it you can either pee in a ditch or squat in the bushes.". A few of the girls had problems with peeing outside including Jennie but since they were all desperate they decided that it was either that or wet shorts.

Now that everyone's desperation was out in the open the girls were much more vocal about their need to pee including Amy and Jennie, suddenly the girls started calling who was going first which ended up with the coach saying that there was a river surrounding the picnic area and that as long as you were fine with it they could go where ever and if they werent okay with in the ditch they were free to go squat in the bushes.

Now that Amy and Jennie knew that relief they were holding on with all their power even with the need to pee getting stronger and stronger. Both of the girls, and by extention every girl on the bus had their hands in their crotches trying desperate to hold back the flood that needed to escape them. With every second that passed by the pain in their bladders got worse until Jennie let out a loud squeal as she momentarily lost control of her bladder. Luckily Jennie was ablw to stop the five second stream that escaped her pee hole and dampened her panties ad with only 5 minutes to go she doubled down on her holding even harder and assured herself she would make it to relief.

Eventually the bus got to the abandoned picnic area. It was rought, over grown and full of damaged picnic tables but the girls didn't care about that all they did was try to scout out a spot for relief. When the bus pulled over 15 girls, all clutching their nether regions dashed off the bus and ran straight for the ditch with Amy and Jennie being the last ones off. Most of the girls were so desperate that they could barely stand up straight let alone run so it was more a slow jog to the ditch rather than a run. As soon as the first girl got to the ditch her bladder gave in and a thich stream of pee started to flood out her pee hole through her shorts and panties. Luckily she was able to get them down quick enough and she quickly squatted over the ditch, not even caring that her bare ass was showing to everyone.

One by one more and more girls got to the ditch and quickly removed their shorts and panties before squatting over the ditch. For a couple girls it took a while to get their streams going full force but before long they too were realeasing thick streams of urine into the ditch. Eventually all 15 of the girls made it too the ditch and now all wwre peeing in unision, releasing the trapped fluids that nothered them for so long and enjoying the relief that came with it. A few of the girls had notable wet spots on their panties due to leaking and some had even started peeing before they got to the ditch and had left small trails behind them, but this was nothing compared to the euphoria they felt. Jennie was feeling particularly relieved which for her seemed to be a perk of having a weaker bladder, she got to enjoy the feeling of relief more often and she by far had the biggest stream as it tickled her when she was releasing at full pace.

Eventually a few of the girls streams had sufficed and luckily one of the girls had brought tissues for the girls to wipe themselves with which were deposited into a nearby bin. One by one the girls finished peeing and quickly returned to the bus looking much more relieved. many of the girls said they never came that close to peeing themselves before in their life. A few of the girls were worried that they would have to pee again soon due to the sheer quantity of water that they drank but their coach was just glad that there was no mess to clean up and when the last girl got on the bus they continued on their journey.

End of part 9

*021*2021-01-28 00:36

Part 10

Setup: This takes place after their football game when they are on the bus going home.

Things were not looking good. It was 3:30 pm and all the girls loaded onto the bus were desperate for the toilet. Normally after their incident on the way to the game they all would have peed before they left but unfortunately something unexpected happened. About half an hour after they arrived at the opposing teams grounds there was a problem in the toilet and that probem came in the form of a pipe burst. This rendered the toilets entirely useless for the rest of the practice session and the 90 minute game that followed. By the end of the game almost everyone needed to use the toilet, except their coach Miss Jenkins who was lucky to have gone before the pipes burst, so now there were about 15 desperate girls about to who were at least 2 hours away from home.

One of these girls was star player Emily who was sat in her seat with her legs tightly crossed. Next to her was her long time friend Natalie who was trying to sit as still as possible but was really struggling. As the us moved on the two girls began a conversation. "Hey Nat do you think the coach will let us stop at the ditch and pee there again ? I dont know if I can make it another two hours.".

"No chance Emily. It's on the other side of the motor way, we wont be able to pull into it.". Emily winced in pain as she heard Natalies statement as she once again gave her bladder muscles a tight squeaze, trying to contain the liquid trapped inside of it. "Well maybe we'll get lucky and they'll be another place we can pull over, at this point I'm not fussy." Emily replied.

Emily continued to put pressure on her bladder as she thought back to the incident this morning, how good it felt to pee into the ditch and how good it would feel to pee now, come to think of it she was probably more desperate now than she was then.

As the bus continued on down the motor way things got even worse. The bus hit some serious traffic and came to a complete standstill. As the bus continued to sit there the girls only started to further panick. Many of the girls thought they were going to pee themselves, Emily and Natalie were amongst that group. The two girls sat there both violently clutching their pee holes trying ever so hard not to leak. Emily was especially bad as the pressure in her bladder was starting to cause physical pain, she wanted nothing more than to release the liquids in her overfilled bladder, she couldn't stand not knowing anymore, she had to ask the coach when she would get to pee. She quickly shouted "Miss is there gonna be a toilet available soon, I dont know how much longer I can hold it.". The coach responded with "I'm sorry girls I know it's hard, just try and hold on a little longer.". The coaches words gave her no comfort as she basically admitted she had no clue where the next toilet was.

As the time ticked on the situation did not improve. It had been half an hour and the bus still hadn't moved. At this point the coach was worried that if a miracle didn't happen she had a lot of cleaning to do, and she didn't want that.

Eventually Emily's dam started to burst as a few spurts of pee started to escape her pee hole. Emily doubled-down on her leaking girl hood and luckily was able to keep herself from having a full-on accident on the bus. Natalie wasn't doing any better as she too had let a spurt of urine dampen her black panties, and it took her a lot of will to stop herself from letting more out.

As the bus sat there stationary Miss Jenkins was hastily looking over a map and realised that there would be no places to stop for another hour and a half even after they started moving. She didn't want to do what she was about to do but it was either that or risk a lot more cleaning. She shouted out "look girls I know some of you may have reservations but your going to have to pee in a bottle or something cause ther way it's looking there's not gonna be any place to stop soon." One of the girls shouted back "Miss I know for a fact that I'm gonna over fill my bottle, what should I do ?". The coach replied "Try and aim for the floor, it'll be easier to wash out than the seats just clear out the back row and go there."

All the girls were shocked by the thought of having to go here on the bus but since that was the only option they decided it had to be done. Though one problem they had was that most of their bottles were in their bags which were in the under part of the bus, most of them had only brought one bottle and some of them hadn't brought one onto the bus.

There were already two girls sitting at the back and since Emily and Natalie were in the middle they would have to wait a bit before they got a chance to go and since neither of them had brought bottles with them they would be peeing on the floor. Before the first girl went Miss Jenkins passed up a packet of tissues for the girls to wipe themselves with, she even had a bin bag to dispose of them in.

The first girl who went was team goal keeper Jennie and since she didnt have a bottle she had to pop a squat. The girl struggled to get her shorts and panties down due to the fact that she had to pee soo bad but when she did the rest of the team could hear the hissing and splattering of her pee hitting the floor and the loud sigh of relief that followed. The rest of the girls tried to block out the sound of her peeing as she continued to release a strong stream onto the bus floor which slowly traveled down the center of the bus until it stopped where Emily and Natalie were sitting.

As the line of girls peeing continued with some peeing in bottles and some just peeing on the floor Emily tried her best to not wet herself as she waited for her turn, which was a near impossible task as each of the girls was taking quite a while to pee due to the sheer quantity they were holding. Eventually Emily's bladder to leak again, these leaks continued until her panties couldn't absorb anymore and it just went right through them and it ran down her leg. Eventually Emily heard the shout of a girl who had just finished relieving herself that it was her turn to pee. Emily snapped out of her holding trance and nearly jumped out of her seat, she would've ran but due to the pain in her bladder she was forced into a hobble as she made her way behind the back seats.

When she got there she saw that a huge puddle of pee had formed which covered basically the entire area below the seats. Emily tried to quickly lower her shorts and panties but as soon as she removed her hands from her crotch her bladder gave in and her pee started gushing full force through her panties into her shorts. The rest of the team watched in horror as a wet spot started forming on Emilys shorts. Thinknig fast she quickly got her shorts down and her pee splattered full force onto the ground with nothing in its way.

Emily watched on as pee gushed out of her aching girl hood, she tried to push it out faster so she wouldn't make Natalie wait any longer than she had to. Whilst she was peeing she looked down at her panties and saw the full extent of the damge done, in short they were soaked, and her shorts had a football sized wetpatch on them and some of the pee had even got to her socks. Emily was impressed at how long her stream was lasting, it had been 15 seconds and she was still going full force, infact she still felt full. After about 45 seconds her pee stopped, she was about to get up but then a sudden suprise stream esacped her pee hole and further dampened her pants, Emily squatted back down and another 5 spurts escaped her pee hole, meaning she was fully empty.

Emily wiped herself dry and quickly pulled her shorts up feeling the wetness of her under wear. As soon as Natalie saw she was done she quickly got up and went behind the back seats releasing her own stream of pee.

By the time everyone was done the floor of the bus was soaked and the bus had started moving. Miss Jenkins sighed to herself and thought "This is gonna be a long night of cleaning".

*023*2021-02-11 23:44

Part 11

As the blowing of the whistle blowed to indcate the end of the practice Kacey sighed in relief as this meant she could finally have a break after a tough practice. As the girls emptied the pitch in order to get a much needed rest. Kacey sat herself on a bench with her friend Monica, Kacey looked at her watch and saw it was currently 10:30 am, they still had another hour of practice left and then the girls had decided they would go for coffee together.

After the coach had felt the girls got the rest they needed she called them back onto the pitch for the last 50 minutes of practice. Since it was their last practice stretch the coach had decided to sart up a game. The coach then divided up the teams and sent them over to their respective sides. Kacey and Monica were on the same teamand since they both played defence they would both be able to talk to each other during the game, and as a bonus all the best players were on their team so with any luck the ball would be on the opponents side of the pitch most of the time.

The ball kicked off and as suspected the girls didn't have to do too much during the game, just try to stop the ball fromgetting past them every now and again which they were able todo as they were quite good defenders. The girls spent most of the practice session chatting about what they would do after the game. Eventaully the practicce game ended at a score of 3-1 Kacey's team and since they're were only five minutes left the coach decided to just let them go early.

The girls quickly ran into the changing rooms to get changed out of their football gear and since the bus stop was closer than they're houses they just decided to carry their sports bags with them throughout the day. Kacey was the first one to emerge from changing room dressed in black skirt with a matching balck t-shirt and hoodie. Eventually Monica showed up wearing blue jeans with a pink t-shirt, it was warm outside so she was just keeping her hoodie in her bag. Before the girls left Monica tried to make a quick dash for the toilets but was disheartened to find out that they were out of order. Monica just decided she would go when she got to the town centre as she didn't have to pee thay bad anyway and as for Kacey she didn't have to pee at all.

The girls started to walk off down the street only to be suddenly overtaken by two girls who both looked like they really had to pee. Kacey whispered over to Monica "Glad thats not us." recounting a time when they were both desperateto pee after practice, luckily for them Kacey only lived five minutes away and Monic'a house was in the same direction so luckily they could both use the bathroom at Kacey's house and they both made it.

After a bit of walking the girls reached their bus stop into the town and sat on their phones until the bus showed up. Whilst they waited Kacey noticed that Monica had her legs tightly shut which was at tell tale sign for her that she needed to pee. Kacey was about to ask her if she would be fine until they got to the town but before she could their bus arrived. The two girls got on the bus and paid for their tickets before taking a seat at the back of the bus and continuing browsing their phones. As the bus ride went on was starting to feel a small twinge in her bladder. "Must've been all the water I drank during practice." she thought to herself not like it was anything unbearable.

Eventually the bus came to a halt at their stop and before Kacey could say anything Monica was already up and out of her seat. When the bus doors opened Monica rushed out much quicker than usual with Kacey following behind. Eventually the girls reached the coffee shop they were planning to go to. When they got inside Monica announced that she was going to the toilet and Kacey said she would go too. When the girls got to the toilet they saw that it only had one stall and there were about 4 girls waiting inline to use the toilet. Not wanting to wait that long Kacey said that she would go wait in the order line and get their orders. Monica said that was okay and that she was going to stay in the line and pee anyway.

Kacey got in the order line and started the waiting process luckily for her the line was short, only three people. When she got to the front of the line she ordered their drinks, both in large take away cups as they usually liked to wander around the shops while they drank. Kacey found some seats and waited for Monica to return. Kacey started drinking her coffee and when she did she felt a small twinge in her bladder which was feeling fuller than it was half an hour ago. Kacey then heard Monica's voice calling her name.

She looked up to see her taking a seat across from her. "You alright now ?" Kacey asked. Monica gleefully said back "Yeah I'm fine good thing we made it here so soon. I've had togo for ages and they just closed it for cleaning after I went out.". Kacey's ears perked up at this as this meant she wouldn't be able to go to the toilet here but she decided not to make a big deal about it, after all Monica never made a big deal about needing to pee and she probably needed to go alot worse than her. The girls spend another 30 minutes in the coffee shop before they decided to go browse some shops.

By the time they left the toilets were still being cleaned so Kacey had no way to empty her filling bladder and to make matters worse Kacey was still drinking her coffee so her bladder had more fluid coming it's way. The girls spent alot of their time browsing clothing shops and after half an hour Kacey's bladder was starting to become a serious problem, she had her legs clamped shut whenever she wasn't moving and was constantly looking around for a bathroom but unfortuneately for her the only bathrooms she found were out of order or were pay toilets and none of them had the right change.

By this time Kacey had finished her coffee and disposed the cup into a nearby bin. Kacey continued to suffer in silence for until she felt a strong bladder spasm that caused her to stop in her tracks. Monica noticed her sudden stop and was about to ask her what was up but before she could she heard her phone ring. She answered it and going by what Kacey could make out it was her mum and she was needed at home. When Monica hung up she declared that her mum needed her home and she was headed to the bus stop. Even though Kacey had to pee she still didn't want to leave her friend on her own so decided to suck it up and join her friend on her way home.

Luckily the bus stop was only five minutes away so it wasn't too much of a strain on Kacey's full bladder and even better the bus had already arrived when they got there so the only thing to endure was the thirty minute long bus ride and the fifteen minute long walk home so she prayed she could hold it another forty five minutes. When the girls got to their seats and sat down Kacey immediately clamped her legs shut in an attemp to keep back the flow and prepared for a long agonising bus ride. As the bus rolled along the road every bump made Kacey feel like she was going to lose control in her seat but despite all that she refused to put a hand in her crotch as she didn't want anyone to become aware of her situation. As the bus ride continued the pressure was becoming too much to the point where she leaked a bit in her panties but she was determined to hang on her stop was only 10 minutes away and luckily Monica got off before her so at least she wouldn't wet herself infront of her.

Eventually the bus pulled up at Monica's stop and after she and the rest of the passengers got off the bus continued onwards. At this point Kacey had both her hands deep in her crotch, she didn't care who saw her at this point she just didn't want to wet herself she was determined she could hold on as the bus inched closer she prayed she could make a dash for her house but the she rembered, the park had public toilets and it was much closer to her house if she went there she had better chance of making it.

When the bus pulled up at her stop Kacey made a mad dash for the door not caring who saw her. She started running down the street with her hands in her crotch trying oh so hard not to pee herself. Eventually though the park came in sight and she dashed through the gates and went straight to the toilet. When she saw the toilets she almost started crying tears of joy. She bolted to the door of the ladies and tried to swing it open but to her dismay it was locked.

At this point she couldn't even keep still she was full on pee dancing outside the toilets, her bladder was just soo full she could barely take it anymore. She was about to give up but then she had a last resort idea. She quickly turned to the mens toilet and tried to door, to her delight it was open and she threw the door open to be greeted with an empty toilet with two urinals and two stalls she ran over to the stall doors but to her horror the doors wouldn't open. Kacey was full on crying in the middle of the toilet as she stood there pee dancing with no other solutions.

With no hope left and her bladder in pain her floodgates burst open and her hot warm piss flowed out of her. Her panties absorbed as much as they could but most of it just flowed through her panties and went in her socks or splattered onto the floor. Kacey tried as hard as she could to stop the stream but it continued to flow out of her for about 10 seconds before Kacey was able to clsmp her pee hole shut. Now Kacey was stood in the middle of the toilets with a puddle of pee beneathe her and a very full bladder begging to be released. Kacey could feel her legs shaking as tears rolled down her cheecks. She spotted a nearby bin and decided that was her only her only option as she was seconds away from another whole blown flood. Kacey hobbled over to bin leaking with every step, her bladder felt like it could give out at any moment.

Kacey stood over the bin and tried to move her panties away but the moment she moved her hands from her crotch her bladder started peeing. She quickly moved her panties to the side getting pee all over her in the process and when she did she fully relaxed herself and her pee started coming out full force some of it going into the bin and some of it going onto the floor. Kacey started heavily breathing in and out as she could feel her bladder deflating. She continued peeing for another 30 seconds before her stream subsided. She stayed in her peeing position for another 30 seconds to let a few more spurts of pee out. Kacey put her panties back into place and stood up straight. She looked down at the floor beneath her and saw the puddle she had left on the floor and the pee in the bin. Still crying from the shame of peeing her pants she ran out of the bathroom and to her house.
