Pee holding camp (remade)

Author: Joey1234

*000*2019-10-07 19:40

Over the summer I made a fiction series called pee holding camp which followed a series of girls going to a camp in which girls were trained to be better at holding their pee needless to say it wasn't what I would call outstanding especially the characters who weren't really explored and mainly just existed to find a place to pee in the dirt in fact I feel it would be been mostly the same if they were just girls who lived in the same neighbourhood. so I have decided to remake this series this time taking into account all the things I could have done better in the original the first part should be released in the next few hours

*001*2019-10-07 20:13

Part 1

Stephanie dashed round the corner hastily avoiding the lamp post that was at the street corners usually after a day at school she would just walk with her friends but today was different as the last day of school before summer but she wasn't running home to quickly have lunch and hang out with friends there was something different going on the reason she was running is that Stephanie was bursting for a pee in fact bladder control had always been a problem for her ever since school started not that her bladder was small or anything she just didn't have good control over it and it filled up rather quickly to the point where being desperate to pee at the end of the day was normal for her but since the bathrooms were closed for maintenance and there were no public toilets on her way home from school she resorted to dashing home with one hand in her crotch praying to god she wouldn't pee herself.

Running down the road home seemed to bring back memories of other times she was desperate and couldn't make it to the toilet like the time where she pee'd herself in the toilet line in 3rd grade or when she pee'd her pants during a car trip. All this thought of peeing didn't help her tortured bladder which was crying for release.stephanie turned another corner to see her house in the distance she then picked up the pace running at full speed desperate to keep her panties dry. When she reached her house she threw the door open knowing it would be unlocked as her mum always had the day off on the last day of school. She threw her shoes and hoodie off at the door taking great care to hang her hoodie up before dashing up to the bathroom ignoring her mother's request for a conversation.

When she got to the bathroom she slammed the door shut and after removing her leggings and panties threw herself on the toilet unleashing a torrent of piss from her urethra down into the toilet bowl whilst she sighed in relief. Sure needing to pee all the time sucked but the one thing that made up for it was the blissful feeling of relief that came from releasing all that urine into the toilet bowl. After finishing up on the toilet Stephanie headed to the kitchen to see her mum who had wanted to talk to her before she ran up to the bathroom.

When she got to the kitchen her mother asked her to take a seat at the table which she did. Her mother explained to her that due to her lack of bladder holding ability coupled with the fact that she was starting high school after the summer her parents had agreed to enrol her into a summer camp which trains girls with weak bladders to control their pee the only entry requirements was to be a girl in her age range and to not have a genuine medical reason for not being able to hold their pee which she didn't as she was tested in the past. At first Stephanie was confused by this decision but not resilient as she always hated always being desperate to pee and resorting to having to pee behind a bush or in a bottle (which she has had to do several times when out with her friends) so Stephanie agreed to go to the camp very quickly quicker than her mother expected she was told by her mother the bus would pick her up on Monday as it was girls from most of the local areas.

End of part 1

*003*2019-10-07 23:23

Part 2

Stephanie had spent the weekend preparing for the camp which included clothes and finding out information about the camp so she knew what she was getting into Mich to her surprise she couldn't find out much about the camp's methods as all she saw was positive reviews saying how it helped them.

After two days of preparation it was Monday and time to head to where the girls would be picked up which was at the community centre where she saw the rest of the campers in total there were 50 including her but she didn't recognise any of them from school she was sure she'd seen some of them around the city before but she had never talked to them or interacted with them. she had little time to think about that though as they were soon guided onto buses by the camp's employees where Stephanie found a seat at the back by herself until a slightly chubby blonde girl took a seat next to her though they didn't say anything to each other at first.

It was about half way through the three hour bus ride that Stephanie noticed the girl sitting next was constantly squirming and crossing and uncrossing her legs Stephanie thought to herself does she need to pee it wasn't until she saw the girl suddenly lean forward and dig her hands into her skirt that she knew she had to pee and pretty badly by the look of it but since it was a big bus compared to the number of people on it (there were multiple large buses to pick up the 50 girls ) there were a number of empty seats so only Stephanie saw her. the girl then turned her head to Stephanie and said with herhandsstill in her crotch "any idea how long before we stop" she responded by saying about an hour and half.

When the girl heard this she looked like she was about to cry Stephanie decided to bring up the topic of her desperation "I'm sorry if this offends you but you kinda look like you need to pee" the girl confirmed this by saying ya think in a rude tone which she then apologised for saying she was just worried that she would wet herself. Stephanie tried offering her some words of support after asking for her name which was kacey. Stephanie talked to her encouraging her to hold on and telling her not to think about it which didn't seem to be working as she only increased her grip on her skirt and started to sweat .

After another half hour kacey realised her tortured bladder couldn't take it anymore she realised she had to go now but how would she explain it to Stephanie. Kacey took a deep breathe before reaching into her bag and taking out an empty thermos. Stephanie noticed this and said "I don't think you should be drinking anything in your state kacey looked at her and said "I'm not going to be drinking anything out of this quite the opposite in fact" Stephanie thought she was joking for a moment but then realised she was completely serious, she was surprised but understanding.

Stephanie liked at her and said "fine I'll look away and I won't say anything" kacey sad thank you and slowly started to remove her panties and edge forward on her seat before positioning the thermos over her urethra. despite the fact that her bladder was begging for release and that she had done this before on family car trips she still found it hard to pee despite her bladder begging for release from her aching urethra.

After some deep breathing and calming herself down she was able to release a small stream of pee from her urethra into the thermos trying to keep it quiet so as not to alert anyone else on the bus whilst keeping an eye out to make sure no one was watching as there was always the risk that she was being heard. When she was sure the coast was clear she saw looked down to see her pee slowly exiting her urethra and splashing into the thermos and to her horror noticed that it was filling up and would be full before she was finished as she still had plenty to go. kacey prayed she would empty her bladder before the thermos filled up but alas she was forced to cut off herblissful stream of relief which caused her urethra great stress and her bladder tried to force the rest of her urine out. she quickly screwed the cap on the thermos making sure it was on right and then putting it back in her bag leaving her still desperate to release the rest of her pee.

Meanwhile Stephanie turned her head back to her expecting to find her looking relieved only to be surprised to find she wasn't kacey explained to her that the thermos had filled up and that she still had to pee. Stephanie thinking fast revered she had a wide top empty bottle of water in her bag which she was sure kacey would be able to accurately aim over. she quickly got the bottle out of her bag giving it to kacey and turning her head to then hear kacey's stream of pee exit her body much faster than before and when it stopped she turned round to see kacey pulling her pants up with a full bottle of urine next to her looking completely relieved with her even confirming it and putting the bottle in her bag not like she was going to re use it. the girls then casually talked until they arrived at the camp.

End of part 2

*005*2019-10-10 20:26

Part 3

After kacey's incident on the bus the rest of the trip to the camp seemed to pass relatively quickly in fact they were there before Stephanie knew it and once they arrived at the camp she was surprised to see how large it was she assumed that due to the nature of this camp it would be a relatively cheap looking place her parents must have played a lot of money to send her here she hoped it would make her able to hold it longer. When everyone was off the bus the 50 girls were greeted by the camp's 10 councillers and the owner who looked in her early 60's where as the councilers looked no older than 30 before the girls went through the gates the girls were put into 10 groups of 5 and each group had its own counceller who told the 5 girls her name was Emma and that there would be more introductions when they got to their cabin which Emma then led the girls to.

Stephanie didn't get to see much of the camp before she and her group which included kacey and three girls she hadn't spoken with to their cabin which was cabin number 6. When the girls and there counceller got in the cabin Emma started explaining the rules and discussing the facilities of the camp. most of the stuff about the camp made sense such as the mess hall and sports facilities but the thing that stood out to her was the bathroom. They were told that there was 1 toilet in each cabin and three toilet stalls for everyone to use in the shower block which had 5 showers and each group would be told to shower in the morning one group at a time. Before Emma left them to talk and unpack they were told to meet in the mess hall in half an hour.

After each girl had claimed a bed and unpacked they started to introduce themselves. Stephanie started the introductions followed by kacey which was then followed by a blonde girl who was shorter than the others who told everyone her name was Emily, a tall girl with long black hair then introduced herself saying her name was Danielle and last a quiet girl with long brown hair quietly told everyone her name was Jamie and after some more light conversation about their schools and home life and such it was time to head into the mess hall for lunch which was a good thing as most of the girls were starving after the trip there.

Lunch that day consisted of sandwiches, wraps and fruit juice or if you wanted, water. As each the girls hadn't really interacted with anyone else they all sat together and continued their conversations about their homes until Jamie got up from her chair claiming she had to use the bathroom. She walked over to the exit but was turned away by a counceller who was standing in front of it who presumably denied her permission to go as she walked back to her chair with her group.

The girls asked her what happened and she said that no one was allowed to leave until the end of lunch in half an hour which was annoying but Jamie claimed she would be fine. In truth that wasn't true as Jamie had been needing to go since before they arrived and due to not wanting to excuse herself didn't go in the cabin and now found she was desperate for a pee and seriously doubted she could hold it til after lunch but since she didn't want her group to know that she didn't tell them how desperate she was and she didn't hold herself or show any signs of desperation so she decided to just hold it and continue the conversation and finish her drink.

10 minutes later and her decision to finish her drink was letting her down as she had become even more desperate but still reframed from letting anyone know but still continued to tell herself she could make it but all that self talk was useless as a small spurt escaped her aching pee hole which took all her strength to stop. Jamie decided that if she was going to pee herself she shouldn't do it here and since she had finished her lunch she had an excuse to make herself scarce by going to put her plate and tray back. whilst slowly walking over to the bin she noticed that it was full and that one of the cooks was getting ready to take it out back. Jamie suddenly realised what she should and after discarding her tray offered to take the bag out back. The cook thanked her and pointed her in the direction of the bins through a fire exit and once she heard that quickly made her way outside.

Once she got outside she threw the bag in the bin and then threw her hands in her crotch and then frantically looked around for a place to pee to her horror another spurt escaped her hole which she prayed wouldn't show on her leggings. After looking around she saw a bush that would easily give her enough cover and as quick as she could she ran over to it and lowered her leggings and panties squatted low and finally got a chance to relieve herself from all the urinein her system as it splashed onto the dirt below as she sighed in relief as the all that piss escaped her hole.

Jamie continued to keep a look out to make sure no one was watching and when she was sure she was alone looked down to see the stream exiting her strained holding muscles as she continued to sigh in relief. After almost a minute and a half her stream cut off and she got a chance to inspect the damage and luckily it don't show on her leggings. She quickly pulled up her leggings and panties and ran back inside to her table and luckily no one asked why she was gone so long.

End of part 3

P.S props to anyone who can figure out why their cabin number is 6 it has something to do with the original

*006*2019-10-11 18:53

Part 4

The girls were now ready for their first challenge and were on their way to meet Emma to hear what it would be.

When the girls met up with her they were told that first they had to drink 3 500ml bottles of water which they did with ease as they were done within 10 minutes with all 5 girls feeling an urge to pee which Stephanie thought was strange after all water didn't pass through them that quickly. Emma then told them they had to hold their pee for 1.5 hours and before starting the timer dropped a bombshell by saying that the water they drank was laced with a strong dieturic to make it harder and with that the challenge begun.

At the half an hour point the water was making it self known in all 5 of the girls bladders as they were all squirming and had their hands in their crotches whilst Emma watched on. All the girls were putting al effort into holding, partly because they didn't want to soil their clothes but also because they did not want to appear weak in front of Emma who was noting down their performances. At around the halfway mark Stephanie let out a gasp as she lost a spurt of pee which sprayed into her underway which was hidden by her skirt so luckily no one noticed. Stephanie may have been the first to leak but she was not the last eventually the other 4 girls temperarily lost control leaving wet patches on their underwear.

It was now 5 minutes before the end of the challenge and so far all 5 of the girls were more desperate than ever their bladders crying for release with Emma still watching amazed that no one had pee'd themselves yet as so far all the other groups had at least one person who couldn't take it. For the desperate girls those last 5 minutes were torture as they did everything they could not to lose control and trying to prevent more leaks as they prayed they would make it. Slowly as the seconds went by all 5 girls were still dry well relatively and by with one minute to go they all begged their bladders would hold. Slowly as 40 seconds went to 30 and 30 seconds went to 30 and so on the girls held on and when the final seconds went by the girls darted off where they sat and bolted to the bathroom as fast as they could not bothering with other girls seeing them.

When the girls got to the restroom Jamie, Danielle and Emily were luck to get into the stalls and started peeing the minute they were on the toilet. Kacey ran in next and realising she couldn't wait got her panties off lifted her skirt and pee d into a nearby bin. Stephanie was last in the toilet and seeing the desperation in her friends eyes kacey moved over and allowed her to pee in the pin as well which she did straight away no hesitations as she hiked up her skirt and slid her panties to the side and joined kacey in peeing over the bin. It was difficult but luckily all 5 girls were able to make it and were now emptying their bladders loudly into the toilets and bin with Stephanie and kacey praying no one would come in but at the same time she didn't care as it felt so good she didn't want to stop.

After nearly 1.5 minutes of peeing the three girls in the stalls exited only to see Stephanie and kacey peeing over the same bin but said nothing knowing it was a bin or in their pants and after another 30 seconds kacey finished followed closely by Stephanie who was still puffing and panting. Once all the girls were ready to go they exited the bathroom only to see Emma out there smiling and tell g them how proud she was of them and that they did a great job and that they were free for the day

End of part 4

*007*2019-10-11 20:41

Part 5

It was now the girls first night at the camp and since none of them could leave their cabin they just stayed up and continued talking about stories from their schools that was until kacey brought up something that none of them had ever said to each other " Hey so since we're at this camp have you ever had to pee away from a toilet out of desperation". No one said anything until Stephanie spoke up. Well I've had to pee behind a bush before whilst on my way home at night from hanging out with friends if that's what you mean.

Emily then spoke up by saying "one time I had to pee in a watering can" she was asked to elaborate on this so she did "I was bursting to pee on my way home from school and my parents were at the store and I had forgotten my house key but I was able to get into the back garden and I knew I couldn't wait until they got home but I also didn't want to ruin my parents grass or flowers so I decided to just go in the watering can and empty it when my parents weren't looking which luckily I got away with".

Danielle then told them about the time she had to pee in a trash can in her room cause her sister was vomiting in the bathroom and she couldn't hold it. Finally kacey chimed up rd everyone that since she lived a fair distance from her school and that she despised using school bathrooms she would usually have to pee behind a bush on her way home from school and also about a time where she pee'd in a potted plant at school because the toilet line was too long and she was amazed how she got away with it.

After that all the girls started recounting other stories about how their bladders affected them like how they had to pee in bags during road trips, wetting themselves in class and it ended with kacey telling them how one time she pee'd under a toilet stall door that was put of order in a public bathroom. After more stories had been exchanged all the girls finally decided to get some sleep and they went to sleep knowing each other a little better and knowing that they're all here for a reason

*010*2019-10-19 21:04

Part 6

It was now 3 days into camp and the girls were only now preparing for their first activity that seemed summer camp like and that was a hike. Though apart from the hike there was one other issue at the camp. Over the past 3 days a pipe that connected the camp toilet pipes to the other pipes burst meaning that a bunch of cabin toilets were out of order including theirs. Though luckily for them it had not been as much of a problem even though the other toilets were still not open 24/7 as they usually never had to go during the sessions when the toilets were locked and even if they did they were always able to hold it bit for the other groups they weren't do lucky as there had been girls in groups of up to 3 at a time running into the forest holding their crotches and 1 girl even wet herself as she simply couldn't hold it any longer.

It was now the day of the hike and the girls were in the mess hall picking up the bagged lunches that had been made for them by the staff. They were all about to go meet Emma but then Emily announced she had to use the bathroom and asked Danielle to bring her bag over to where they were meeting Emma to which she agreed. Emily exited the mess hall and ran over to the bathroom. When she reached the toilets she pushed on the door only to find it was locked. She was disappointed but not much as she didn't have to go that bad anyway and if push came to shove she could just go behind a bush heck that's why she chose to wear a skirt instead of the long trousers that were recommended.

When Emily got to the meeting point at the start of the forest Emma explained the trail to them. They were told they were going to be hiking to the top of a hill and back which meant they had to go through the forest and other hilly terrain with a lunch break at the top of the hill. Before setting off Emma told the girls two things,1 to stay hydrated which would be easy as they had plenty of water and 2 no one was allowed to pee until they got to the top of the hill. The other 4 girls weren't bothered by this decision as they didn't need to go anyway but Emily was worried as the hill was a fair distance away and she was guessing her bladder was full right about now. With everyone informed and ready to go Emma led them into the forest.

30 minutes into the hike and Emily was seriously starting to regret not just peeing in the bushes near the camp as her need to pee had grown significantly to the point where she stayed behind the group so no one could see she her visual signs of desperation and to her surprise no one had noticed. She was considering begging Emma to stop for a pre break but decided not to mostly because she knew she'd say no and also because she didn't want to seem weak to the other girls so she decided to just hold it till they got to the break point and pray she wouldn't pee herself.

After what seemed like forever they got out the forest and into the hilly clearing Emma mentioned. Emily was a little worried that she would have no privacy when she got a chance and in her state she was seriously considering just squatting down and peeing off the trail but she decided not to as since the path wasn't completely straight and without forks in the road she would probably get lost and to make matters even worse she had been constantly drinking out of water bottles during the hike to keep herself hydrated in fact that was probably the reason she had to pee do badly.

After more painful hiking her bladder gave out for a few seconds letting out a few spurts of pee into her pants with the last spurt going few her panties dripping onto the dirt. Emily had to stop and jam her hands in her crotch to stop the flow, at this point she was more desperate now than when she did the holding challenge and that was when she was under the influence of dieturics. She thought back to the start of the day trying to figure out why she had to pee so badly. She remembered not going before she went to bed and not going before or after breakfast and during breakfast she did drink a fair bit including too cups of coffee and combined with the liquid drank during the hike she was surprised she hadn't burst by now. When Emily regained control she noticed her group were quite far ahead and she had to speed walk to catch up which in her case was very difficult.

After 15 more minutes of painful walking Emily received the glorious announcement that they were at the base of the hill where they would have their break and that when they got to the top they would have a break and their would also be rocks which they could pee behind at the top. This announcement gave Emily the grit to hold on as she started the trek up the hill behind her group with her hands dug in her crotch to hopefully avoid a wetting and by half way up the hill it was looking promising until she lost control for a solid 3 seconds causing a 3 second steam to shoot out of her soaking her underwear and dripping down to the dirt.

Emily was worried bit she wasn't coming this far only to wet herself now so the doubled down and squeezed her muscles tighter than she ever did and slowly made her way up the hill and to her delight she made it up her bladder burning for release and she was delighted when she saw the rocks she could pee behind. Once she put her bag down she was about to go pee until to her horror kacey exclaimed she had to pee and before Emily could object she had already ran behind the rocks. Emily now had no choice but to sit and wait for the kacey her bladder begging her to just go but still she held on. After a painful minute and a half wait she saw kacey run out from behind a huge rock and without even saying anything to anyone got up and darted behind the rock not caring who saw her.

When she was out of sight of everyone she didn't even bother to squat down she just moved her underpants to the side lifted her skirt up and relaxed her holding muscles. Almost immediately her pee exited her pee hole and noisily splattered down on the grass right next to kacey's puddle. The relief felt by Emily was indescribable in fact it was even better than when she got to pee after the holding challenge. After staring into space for 15 seconds enjoying the relief Emily looked down at her urethra only to see over 12 hours worth of liquids spraying out of her at a rapid pace forming a puddle that was already bigger than kacey's to the point where she was amazed she could hold so much.

After another minute of peeing her stream cut off and she was about to move her panties back into place but another 3 2 second long streams shot out of her one after the other and she also examined the damage done to her underwear, she came to the conclusion that she would need to change them when she got back to camp. After wiping herself with some tissues she had on her she ran out from behind the rock and back to the group where she had her lunch and lucky no one asked why she was so long.

End of part 6

*011*2019-11-10 17:35

Part 7

This takes place directly after the last part

After the girls had ate their lunch and got a chance to go pee if they needed to the group was starting to be ready to go. Before they left Danielle noticed that she had to go pee just as they were about to leave but since she didn't want to slow everyone down she decided she would just hold it till they got back to camp since she had grown a lot more confident in her holding ability in the past she would have just gone behind a rock but now she just thought she could hold it.

When the group got to the bottom of the hill Danielle was holding up quite well all things considered and she was having a conversation with Emily and eventually she brought up how she had to pee and when she mentioned it Emily was surprised she decided to hold it stating that she herself had to pee the whole trip and just barely made it behind a rock and she also mentioned that she had heard from kacey that when kacey went to go pee she was desperate as well. Despite Emily expressing her concerns Danielle assured her she would be alright despite her growing need which she knew would be a problem later down the line.

Eventually Danielle's bladder caught up with her and she was seriously regretting not going when she had the chance and due to the that once again there would be no breaks inbetween the hill and camp there would be no opportunities to relieve herself until they got back and like Emily had done she decided to hang back so no one would notice her need and at this point she was doubting her ability to hold it. Eventually Emily looked back to see Danielle squirming behind her and went to her to see if she was okay.

When they got to talking Danielle said she didn't know if she would make it or not as there was still a long way to go and she was almost about to leak in her skirt. Emily then quickly came up with a solution which involved giving her a towel to put in her under wear if she leaked. Danielle thought this was weird but realised it might be the only way to hide a leak and potentially an accident as it was a super absorbent towel as Emily put it. Danielle slowly lifted her skirt and moved her underwear to place the towel under it and when she did she could feel the towel against her girl hood but luckily it didn't show and if she leaked the towel should absorb it.

Soon after the towel proved it's usefulness as she temporarily lost control and a few leaks escaped her aching urethra and were absorbed by the towel leaving Danielle glad she took Emily's advice with the towel.

When the girls got back to camp Danielle bladder felt like it was on fire and she had leaked several more times since the initial and when she saw the camp she almost cried and ran ahead of the group causing her to leak more which is when the towel did it's job. First she threw her backpack back in her groups cabin and then she headed straight for the bathroom. When she got to the bathroom she threw the door open only to be greeted by all 3 stalls taken and 2 girls who looked almost as desperate as her waiting in line. One of the girls in line looked back at her and said "sorry we had a challenge and the two in the at all just got in." Danielle's urethra was almost about to break open and the sound of the girls in the stall loudly urinating wasn't helping her but she still convinced herself she could hold it so she got in line and prayed she would make it.

Danielle was in line for over a minute before the first girl exited the stall and the girl at the front of the line darted in to the stall and started noisily peeing into the toilet bowl and soon after that the second girl exited the stall leaving her as next in line as she waited for the next girl to finish urinating. After another 30 seconds the final girls exited the stall and when she did Danielle rushed into the stall and quickly pulled her panties off letting the towel fall to the floor.

She then threw herself onto the toilet and then her urethra sprayed all her trapped liquid down to the water below giving Danielle an unrivalled feeling of relief. Danielle stream kept spraying out of her for almost 2 while minutes before it cut off. She quickly wiped herself dry and grabbed the towel from the floor and exited the stall only to find emily standing there asking if she was okay to which she responded yes. Emily then told her she could throw the towel out and that they had free time for a bit before exiting the bathroom with Danielle.

*012*2019-12-29 20:29

Hey so I thought I would try and revive this thread

Part 8

It was only a day after the hike that the girls were told that they would be going on another trip away from camp which was an overnight camping trip and that they would leave the next day.

This lead to a lot of conversation amongst the girls as they had no clue as to the alterior motive of this activity was to the point where they were asking the girls from other groups about what the motive of the camping trip was but to their dissapointment they said nothing so the girls came to their own conclusion that they would simply be told to hold their pee for the entirety of the hike but if only they knew how wrong theyd'd be.

It was now the day of the hike and when the girls were woken up they were told that since their activity is the camping trip they would have to wash and eat breakfast earlier than the other campers. The girls all got out of bed and before they went to the shower block they decided they would go pee whilst they were there but to their surprise when they got to the toilet block only to see that it was locked some of the girls were dissapointed by this as they genuinely did have to pee but they guessed that was the point. By the time the girls had showered and eaten the other groups were out of their cabins and by the time they had packed their bags a few of them had finished breakfast and were wandering the camp as they had free time for a bit before their activities.

When the girls were all packed they went over to meet Emma their councellor before heading off to the campsite and when they met up with her they were surprised to hear her tell them to drop their bags and to go to the toilet blocks so that she could unlock them. When they arrived to the toilet block and Emma told the girls to go in as they had to go to the toilet before they set off. This surprised the girls as they had never actively been told to go the toilet only to hold it so being told to actively go to the toilet was unsusual to say the least. Never the less the girls obliged and all 5 of them entered the toilet block as other girls gave them jelous looks as at this time nearly everyone had to pee and the toilet lockings had no pattern so people had to just wing it and hope for the best.

When the girl got into the toilet stall the three stalls were taken up by Jamie, Danielle and Emily leaving Kacey and Stephanie waiting for available stalls. Whilst waiting for the others to finish up they got into a conversation about the true intention of this activity. "So Stephanie what do you think the point of this activity is, I mean we clearly dont have to hold it till we get to camp so what do you think the intention is." Stephanie responded with a shrug and then when Danielle finished peeing she took her own spot on toilet leaving Kacey to wonder on her own.

She didnt think about the alterior motive for long as Emily exited her stall leaving it open for Kacey to use. While Kacey was surprised they were allowed to use the toilet before going she was glad they did as she kinda had to go quite badly due to the fact that she hadnt went the night before and if the challenge was to hold it till they got to camp she definitely would've struggled to make it. When she went into the stall she locked and locked it behind her.

She then lowered her leggings and panties to her before tsking a seat on the toilet and after a a small sigh a thin stream quickly exited her flower and splattered down on the water below which echoed throughout the stall. After 30 seconds her stream cut off but her bladder was'nt fully empty yet as before she stood up a small spurt sprayed from her pee hole down into the toilet. When Kacey was ready she exited the toilet block to find her group waiting for her and when she exited they went off to the edge of the camp where they had lef their bags.

When they reached the edge of camp the girls were given a brief explanation of the route they would take to the campsite and how long it would take, surprise surprise it was a long route but luckily they would be having a lunch break halfway through the trip. Emma also explained to them that the tents they brought would fit three people and that their should be three in one and two in the other and she also mentioned that she had her own one person tent which would be pitched away from their tents. Once she was sure that everyone was suffiently informed and ready she set off towards the campsite. On the way there the girls were still left wondering what the true point of this activity was all but they quickly decided to shrug this off and enjoy the day and they would worry about it later.

When the girls reached the break area halfway through their hike Emma passed around the lunches that had been provided to them by the camp and they took a seat at the large picnic table that was just off the trail in the clearing and started to eat their lunch. By the time that all five girls had consumed their lunch and drank any juice that was provided with their lunch it was starting to be felt in one girls bladder and that girls bladder was Danielles who noticed before they were about to leave that she was feeling a small urge to pee in her bladder nothing serious but something that would be best to deal with now rather than later.

Danielle was about to announce that she had to go but then reaslised that even if she was given permission there was no where to go as they were in a clearing with no bushes or grass tall enough to give her cover. She was disapointed as she doubted they would get another break until they got to camp which would still be hours away so this initially worried her but when she thought about it again she realised that due to the training her bladder had recieved she would probably be able to hold it until they got to the camp and that she should just not think about it and get on with the hike.

When the girls were a good bit into the second part of the hike the idea that Danielle would be able to just forget about her bladder was proving to be flawed as her need to pee had greatly increasened over the time it took to get from the break area to where they are now and she realised that it was only going to get worse as time went on she was already at the point where it was starting to affect her walking speed and she was hanging back from the rest of the group to avoid them noticing her need. But what she didnt know was that she wasnt the only girl whose bladder was desiring to be emptied infact intruth all five of girls were starting to need to pee they just werent admitting it to each other as they all thought they could hold it till they got to camp but that remained to be seen.

It was now an hour later and all five girls were in some serious trouble if they couldnt get some release quickly as it was getting to the point where they all had to slow down to keep their panties dry infact Emma had even kept walking infront of them as the path to the camp had no forks and Emma was cerrain they wouldnt get lost. It was obvious that all five of them had to pee but Danielle was by far the most desperate and had her hands dug into her crotch to take the pressure off. By this point all girls knew that the others had to pee they just hadnt admitted it sure it made them fell a little better but not much but so far all was going smoothly until Stepahnie suffered a strong bladder spasm causing her to stop walking and loudly gasp which inturn caused the whole group to stop. They all just stood still for a moment until kacey spoke up.

"Just to make sure we're all desperate to pee right now am I right?" the other four girls nodded with pained looks on their faces. She then added "Look its obvious we aint gonna make it and there's tall grass on both sides of the path so how about two go at a time." The other girls aggreed to this and the first two girls who were Stephanie and Kacey slowly hobbled into the small patches of tall grass on either side of the road.

When they crouched down out of sight the other three girls could hear them loudly relieving themselves in the grass which caused Jamie to increase the grip on her flower to avoid leaking into her pants. As Stephanie and Kacey were busy peeing in the grass the next two girls Danielle and Jamie were hastily waiting their turn to pee. Stepahnie was ther first to finish and before Danielle could move Jamie was already taking her place as she could see her taking a large step to avoid stepping into Stephanie's puddle as she waited for Kacey who was still loudly peeing inside the bush.

Just when she thought she couldnt hold it any longer Kacey stood up and stepped out of the bush and before Kacey was fully out Danielle rushed in and hastily pulled down her panties after hiking her skirt up and squatting low in the bush. As soon as she did that Her flower exploded releasing a torrent of pee into the grass causing the already huge puddle Kacey made to grow even bigger as she breathed heavily as she felt her strained bladder deflate as the urine exited her body and sprayed onto grass below it was such an amzing feeling that she could barely describe it just felt so good.

When Danielle finally finished she stood up after pulling her panties up to see Emily still standing there clutching her crotch with an obvious look of desperation on her face. Danielle asked her why she didnt go and she said it was because she didnt like peeing out doors around others and said she would hold it till camp as she heard Emma say that there were toilets at camp the other girls were surprised but understanding as not everyone likes peeing outdoors so with Emily's still full bladder the girls carried on.

The next half hour for Emily was hard to say the least her desicion to not relieve herself was proving to be a bad one as her bladder was at the point where it practically begged for release but still she held onto hope that she could hold it. After anoyher five minutes of painful holding her bladder started to give in. It started with a large leak that sprayed into her panties and caused her to yelp so loud that the rest of the group stopped and looked at her. Hoping to not embarras herself she slowly hobbled along the trail but at this point her bladder was so strained that it was painful and as she slowly hobbled towards the group who were stood still a small trail of pee followed her until she literally couldnt walk anymore.

Slowly she looked at her group and through teared eyes said "can you please look away" the rest of the group oblieged and turned round thinking that she would probably just wet herself but oh boy how wrong they were. What emily did do was raise the front of her skirt and slowly move her stained pee soaked panties to side and relaxed her holding muscles.

As soon as she did this a thick torrent raced out of her girl hood at lightning speed and splattered on the ground below puddling at her feet causing her to sigh loudly. Kacey got curious and slowly turned her head around and when she saw what she was doing she quickly turned back around as emily was quickly emptying her overfilled bladder which was still going full force after a minute and showed no signs of stopping. eventually her pee slowed down and later cut off at around the 1.5 minute mark with a huge puddle at her feet. The rest of the group turned round and were surprised by how dry her skirt was but still they didnt say anything and just continued walking to camp.

End of part 8

*013*2019-12-31 00:09

Part 9

After the girls incident on the trail they had finally made it to camp they were greeted by Emma who before saying anyhting just asked "what took you so long" at first the girls said nothing as they didnt really want to explain what had happened when they were walking. Whilst they tried to come up with an answer Emma smirked and said "did you have some trouble with the dieturic that was put in your water". The girls just looked at her in shock and Emma then said "If anyone has to go there's an small one person toilet down that path" she then pointed down a small path to the girls left and before leaving said to them that she would be back in a few hours with a stove so they could cook their dinner .

The other girls got ready to set their tents up apart from Jamie who excused herself to go to the toilet and ran down the path to do so. The other girls were surprised that she had to pee again so quickly considering she just peed over an hour ago but in truth holding all that pee had done a number on her holding muscles and if she had held her pee for a long time it was normal for her to have to go again fairly soon, sure it was annoying but hey what was she gonna do about it that was the reason she was at this camp and so far she felt she had done well enough I mean she could definitely hold it longer now than when she could before she got here but her bladder definitely wasnt at the level she wanted it to be at by the time camp was over.

When Jamie arrived at the toilet she was surprised to see just how small it was, Emma wasnt kidding. When she got closer she noticed that it had a tap outside which she presumed was ment to be a sink as there was a soap dispenser next to it. When she was inside the toilet she was surprised to see that it wasnt a regular toilet but infact nothing more than a hole in the ground with rolls of toilet paper next to it. She was surprised by this but it wasnt an inconvience as she knew how to squat and pee infact this wouldnt be the first time she had done it whilst at camp. Slowly after locking the door behind her she lowered her leggings and panties making sure they wouldnt get in the way of her stream, when she was sure she was in the right position she relaxed her still tired holding muscles and a slow stream of pee exited her flower and splattered into the toilet below.

Jamie could feel the relief instantly though it wasnt nearly as intense as when she had peed in the grass earlier today it still felt good. Jamie looked down at her privates and was surprised to see how much pee shen was releasing I mean her she was sure she released all her pee when she peed in the grass but maybe she was wrong. When Jamie was done she exited the toilet and turned on the tap to wash her hands. When she turned around to walk back to camp she saw Emily standing there. Emily first asked her if the toilet was clean or not and she responded by saying its in ok condition but she also specified that its a squat toilet. Emily was abit taken aback by this but thanked Jamie for telling her this and headed back to camp.

When Jamie got back to camp she saw that Kacey and Stepahnie had began setting up their tent and Danielle with an annoyed look on her face and their tent sprawled on the ground. The two girls then began setting their tent up with Emily joining in when she arrived back five minutes later. It took a while but the girls finally gort their tents up and after Emily got a chance to change her pee stained underwear they got to talking about their incident on the trail.

Most of the conversation was about how they wouldnt have made it if not for that tall grass and Emily bringing up how she managed to avoid a full on accident. The conversation continued as normal until Kacey brought up something that she was going to try. The thing she brought up was what she called the "rapid desperation method" she said it was a way to be constantly needing to pee. She said that she heard a friend mention it and that she wanted to try it for herself.

The girls then asked her what it would involve and she said what she would do is constantly drink water and go the second she needed to which she said would weaken her holding muscles and luckily for her they were already weakwe than normal when she had to hold it till they reached the tall grass. The other girls were a bit weirded out by this but decided it would be fun to watch her do this and since there camp had a tap in it and they had brought soft drink it was a worth a try so Straight away Kacey started drinking lots of water if only she knew what a bad night for doing that it was going to be.

End of part 9

*014*2020-01-02 00:20

Part 10

Over the last few hours the girls had just been observing Kacey doing what she called the rapid desperation method and when she first started it was pretty boring for the girls to watch it was just her drinking water and running to the bathroom whenever she felt the smallest need. Eventually though Kacey started to claim that when she felt the need to go it was becoming a little more intense and they saw her go from walking to the bathroom to running to and from the toilet. Soon enough though her bladder went into overdrive and the girls walked as she bolted to the bathroom clutching her crotch and her claiming that it was working. When she first said she wanted to try this the girls were a bit curious if it would actually work or not but seeing the state that Kacey was in they were now convinced.

Though for Kacey it was going to get a hole lot more annoying later on in the night. Right when Kacey was about to excuse herself to go pee Emma walked right onto their camp as she was about to leave, the girls greeted and she told them that she was going to demonstrate how to work the stoves that they were provided with. Kacey was about to excuse herself to leave but Emma said she could go when she finished the demonstration. Kacey reluctantly took a seat on a log that was nearby with the rest of her group and placed her hands in her crotch but also taking care to make sure Emma didnt notice.

Throughout the demonstration Kacey just sat there trying her hardest not to wet herself infront of Emma but that was hard considering her bladder felt like bursting and she hadnt even drunk that much, but this feeling was a little different, more intense as she felt like she was about to leak. As the demonstration went on Kacey felt like she was about to explode but she still tried to keep it all in. Eventually though her bladder started to give in and slowly she started to leak as a few longish spurts escaped her flower and dampened her panties with the last spurt breaking through her underwear and showing on her leggings. Luckily Emma didnt notice this as she was just rapping up her demonstration and leaving the camp.

All the girls including Kacey waved her goodbye and as soon as she was out of sight Kacey shot up and got ready to sprint to the bathroom but to her shock she found that she couldnt run otherwise she would wet herself at most she could just slowly hobble. Slowly she tried to make her way down the path to the toilet with the other four girls just watching on. Since the camp they were at was surrounded by a lot of trees Emily shouted out "Kacey just squat behind one of the trees ". Kacey thought about that for a minute and slowly without saying a word and with tears in her eyes made her way to one of the trees near the camp. The other girls turned their heads to give her some privacy and soon Kacey was fully behind one of the trees.

Now came the hardest part getting her panties and leggings down, Kacey decided that to avoid getting too much pee in her panties she would have to quickly remove her leggings and panties. Kaceyquickly removed her hands from her crotch and as soon as she did her pee shot out of her going right through her underwear and soaking her leggings. Luckily Kacey was able to quickly get her leggings and panties down and was quick to get into a squatting position so soon enough all of her pee was splattering onto the grass. Kacey sighed heavily as pee exited her flower as her group were on the other side of the tree facing the other way. Kaey looked down and saw how far her pee shot away from her as it puddled further than when she peed in the tall grass on the way to camp. Luckily she wasnt peeing for as long as she had feared as her stream cut off after 45 seconds but her holding muscles still felt weak endicating that this wasnt over yet.

End of part 10

*015*2020-01-03 00:09

Part 11

After Kacey had peed behind the tree it was clear she needed a change of clothes even though she was able to quickly remove her leggings and panties they were still soaked with pee so whilst everyone else was starting to cook their dinner on the two stoves provided (one for each tent) Kacey retreated into her tent to change her clothes. Kacey decided it would be best to wear a skirt so that if she was bursting to pee again her she would only have to remove her underwear which would be easier than having to remove leggings aswell. Once Kacey was fully in the tent which was zipped up behind her she began to remove her clothes she started with her panties and leggings but strangely she put on a skirt first as she had considered going out there without panties on but then decided not to as it might show if she sat down.

When she was reaching for a dry pair of pants she froze in place as sher felt a small spurt escape her numb holding muscles. Kacey quickly threw her hands in her crotch to try and hold back any potential spurts but after 30 seconds of keeping her hands in place realised that it must be pee that she did not release behind the tree but she decided it would be best to go to the toilet after getting dressed just to be safe. Once she was ready she exited the tent and before leaving told Stephanie that she was going to the toilet and that she would help with the stove when she got back. Stephanie was surprised that she still had to go but didnt mention it.

Kacey ran along the path to the toilet hoping that she didnt leak anymore than the bit in the tent which gladfully she had dried up before she left. When she reached the toilet block she threw the door open and without even locking it behind her quickly removed her panties and squatted over the toilet. After a few seconds a quick jet of pee shot out of her numb holding muscles and splattered into the toilet leaving Kacey feeling the same relief as she did when she had peed behind the tree. When the stream stopped Kacey stayed in the position to see if anymore pee would come out and after about 5 seconds a long spurt flew out of her leaving her fully relieved, for now.

Kacey ran back to camp as she didnt want to leave Stephanie waiting. Luckily she wasnt even annoyed about her running off as she sympathised with her position and the two began cooking their dinner. Since the girls finished cooking at around the same time they ate together and sat talking about the day so far. Jamie brought up Kacey's predicament and asked her if her holding muscles felt any stronger and she replied with a no as she drank the coke that she had brought with her .

It wasn't until hours later that Kacey's bladder was a serious issue until then it was just constant trips to the toilet whenever she drank something nothing major. It was now much later infact it was 30 minutes until the girls had to go to bed granted they were'nt sure exactly what time it was but it was dark so it must've been pretty late and since the girls had nothing to do they decided to just go to bed. Emma then showed up with a tray with five cups of hot chocolate on it offering the girls something to drink before bed. All five of the girls indulged even Kacey even though she knew it would bite her in the but soon after but she would just go to the toilet whilst she was in her tent not like she was scared of the dark anyway.

After the hot chocolate the girls got ready for bed but before they did Emma informed them that their tents would be padlocked behind them and that their task would be hold it till morning. All five of the girls were shocked by this but Emma assured them that she did not put any dieturic in their drink and that they shouldnt worry. In truth the girls werent worried for themselves they were worried for Kacey who's bladder clearly couldnt handle till morning. The girls then climbed into their tents which were sealed by Emma ensuring they couldnt get out till morning. When Emma left Kacey tried the door to see if she could open it but to her dissapointment she could not. Kacey was worried as she could already feel her flower tingle indicating that she could pee right now but still she tried to suffer through till morning.

It was now an hour later and it was clearly obvious that Kacey couldnt hold it till morning as she was at the point where she had her hands dug into her crotch as hard as she could trying to contain the liquid inside of her whilst Stephanie stayed up aswell trying to give her support. Despite her effort Kacey was at the point where she could wet at any moment. It was then that Stephanie remembered that they had a spare bin bag that was meant to be used for rubbish but at this point no one would notice if it went missing she would probably just throw it in the river tommorrow morning it may not be enviromentally friendly but it was better than her peeing herself. Stephanie then grabbed the bag and gave it to Kacey and indicated by gestures what she was supposed to do.

Kacey didnt really want to pee in a bag right next to someone but at this point what choice did she have it was like the time on the bus on the way in when she had to pee in a bottle she didnt want to do it but she had to. She quickly removed her pyjama bottoms and under wear dow to her ankles and luckily it was easier to position herself over the bag so she didnt have to spent more time trying to position herself than she did when peeing in a bottle so as soon as she was in position she relaxed her still weak holding muscles and her pee shot out of her and pooled in the bottom of the bag as she sighed in relief as she felt her poor bladder empty its contents into the bag which luckily was leak proof so it didnt leak onto the floor.

Despite her not having drunk that much her bladder was emptying more liquid than she expected. Soon enough though her stream cut off and after some more spurts escaping her pee hole she was done. Luckily her pee didnt smell that bad so they tied up the bag and left it at the other side of the tent so luckliy didnt bother them at all that night and they were able to get a good nights sleep.

End of part 11

*016*2020-02-01 17:40

Hey gus quick update for anyone who still reads this series Im thinking of writng some stories about other girls who go to this camp for awhile as im unsure of where to take the story with these five girls and its most likely going to appear on another thread not sure what im gonna call this new thread yet but you will know it when you see it

*017*2020-05-04 21:52

Hey a quick update to anyone who still follows this I just wanted people to know that I am officially done with this series and will no longer be adding parts to the threads I just dont know what to do with this series anymore and have decided to do something new if anyone else wants to take over this series you're completely free, to I've just completely run out of ideas for this series

