Dalton's Intermission (one-shot)

Author: JamieLove

*000*2020-08-15 03:50

Dalton peered into the distance. This line was long. Plenty of men ahead, all of them ready to empty their bladders. But none of them had as much a need as Dalton.

There were about twenty-five, thirty people in front of him. Dalton couldn't concentrate enough to count them. He'd used the bathroom at hockey games before, but he had never been this desperate, and he never had to wait this long. It seemed like the entire arena needed to piss at the same time.

Truthfully, Dalton's desperation started at the start of the second period. He had drank two large sodas to wash down his bucket of popcorn. He knew he would have to go eventually, as soda always went through his slender body quickly, but he stayed in his seat during the first intermission, focused too intently on the military marching band that was invited to entertain the fans. It didn't occur to him that he would be cursing the Marine Corps just minutes later.

After the opening faceoff, Dalton noticed his bladder. The urge came hard and fast. At first, he tensed his thighs together to try and distract himself. When that didn't work, he unzipped his thin jacket and rested it on his lap, keeping his right hand underneath and rubbing the crotch of his skinny jeans. He looked around nervously, hoping nobody got the wrong idea. When the pangs of desperation came, Dalton gently bounced his knee.

The home team scored halfway through the period. Dalton instinctively jumped up and yelled, but a jolt in his gut brought him to silence. As excited as he was, his bladder was active. He had to control himself to prevent any leaks. He figured he would be fine, that he could just wait until the end of the period to go. The bathrooms were never that busy, and besides, he was in the middle of his row and didn't want to bother anyone trying to watch the game. It won't be that long, Dalton promised himself. I'll be fine.

Dalton always had trouble holding in cold places, where his body would contract and his bladder would ache. He had wet his pants before, but never in a public place, and certainly never in a place as public as a 15,000 seat arena. Dalton felt his hips wiggling. He had slipped his other hand below the jacket on his lap. He was applying more force to his penis now, just making sure that nothing would escape. Every time a whistle stopped play, his grip tightened. When a fight broke out, Dalton couldn't help but grimace. That would add another few minutes. When the second goal of the period went in, Dalton felt compelled to stand up and cheer again, even though it shook the water inside of him and forced him to clench his pelvic muscles.

The clock ticked down, second by second. Dalton couldn't help but stare at it. He could barely focus on the game. He was rocking his body now, shifting his eyes nervously to make sure he wasn't drawing attention to himself. He knew someone must have been watching him, but they were hiding it well. Dalton's penis throbbed. His muscles had been tight for a while, and he felt them start to weaken. For the first time, a doubt crept into Dalton's mind. He knew he couldn't wet himself in public, but he feared that he wouldn't be completely dry by the time he stood in front of the urinal. The urinal...the thought made him tense his legs again. He tried not to focus on how badly he wanted to unzip his pants and use one.

The period was almost over. Dalton knew he only had a short while to go. The bathrooms were never full here. The one time he almost lost control in this building, he was able to go right to the bathroom and get relief. He was more desperate now than he was that night, but he knew he could make it. All he had to do was keep his mind off his twitching muscles and his aching bladder.

As soon as the horn sounded, Dalton leapt from his seat. His bladder shook, and Dalton had to squeeze hard to prevent a dribble. He tried not to grab himself as he shuffled out of his row. He was close to the glass, so there were a lot of stairs to climb. Each one put more and more pressure on Dalton as he jogged up to the lobby.

When he was up the stairs, Dalton stopped for a moment, faced the wall, and squeezed himself hard. He knew he was just seconds away from relief, but that only made it harder to keep it all in. All he wanted to do was burst through the bathroom door and let all of the soda inside of him pour out.

He knew how far away he was from the bathroom. He closed his eyes in concentration as he jogged toward them. He was almost there. He wasn't going to leak. He was going to make it.

He was so distracted that he bumped into the man in the back of the line. He gasped and a small bit of his pee squirted into his briefs.

Panic.

Dalton couldn't believe it. There were never this many men here. There were about twenty-five, thirty people in front of him. Dalton couldn't concentrate enough to count them.

Ahead of him in line, one man was gently swaying back and forth. Another was sipping on a water bottle, the sight of which made Dalton wince. Nobody seemed that concerned about using the bathroom. Except for Dalton, at the back of the line, trying to keep himself from making his need too obvious. He bounced on his toes, hands at his sides, concentrating on keeping his fluids contained. The door opened, and a tall man left the bathroom. Another went inside, and the door shut.

The wait between each person seemed to take forever. Even shuffling forward to get closer was hurting Dalton now. He couldn't stop himself from stuffing his hands between his legs. He felt the warm spot on his briefs rub against him. The leak didn't give him any relief, but he couldn't help but fantasize about making another. Feeling the wetness against his skin made his mission so much more difficult. How good it would feel to let a little bit out, one more drop...

Dalton leaked again. It was small, but it forced him to take action. He had moved up a few spaces in the line, and felt he was sufficiently disguised to dance the way he needed to. He shook his hips back and forth, breathing heavily as every minute's wait was so much more difficult than the last.

As he got closer, he started to hear the sound of toilets flushing. They were loud, and they were torturous. Dalton's fear became overpowering. He had already leaked twice, and he was still far from the entrance. He needed to piss so badly. He didn't know how much longer he could hold. His body was begging him to give up, to open up, to soak his pants completely. But he couldn't, not in front of all these people. He'd never be able to go out again.

But it hurt so much, and it hurt everywhere. In his belly, in his back, in his penis, not to mention in his racing mind. He started to whine softly. "Oh, I gotta piss," he muttered. "I gotta go so bad..." He was about to lose it. His whole body was shaking. The pressure buildup was more powerful than anything he'd ever felt. Just a few more spots...

The line went into the bathroom, where he could hear strong streams crashing against porcelain urinals. The sound was overwhelming. His cock begged to make that sound, to make that stream. Dalton took another step forward and saw the men leaning back, legs spread, relaxing. Letting every single drop out.

Dalton cringed as he let his drops out. This was more than a little leak. It lasted several seconds. He felt a droplet roll down the right leg of his jeans. There were three men in front of him. The swaying man at the head of the line bolted to a urinal. Dalton heard the zipper go down, the first drops splash out, the relief. There were two men in front of him. Dalton was doubled over now. His bladder was spasming. He felt the flood crashing inside of him. He was shaking wildly, squirming back and forth. Another man walked toward the urinals, unzipped, and let go. Dalton whimpered. He looked at the row of men. He knew what they were doing. He could hear it and he could see it.

The last man in front of Dalton saw an open spot, took down his pants, and began to use the urinal. He had a strong stream. He sighed.

Dalton couldn't take it. His stream started to trickle out. He felt his briefs get warmer, and a dark patch started to grow on his jeans. He squeezed himself as hard as he could. His fingers were wet. He couldn't stop himself.

A space opened, and so did Dalton. As he ran, his bladder surrendered. The stream was no longer restrained. It shot out at full force, soaking Dalton's underwear and running down his leg. He clawed at his belt, quickly undoing it, ripping the button loose, unzipping his jeans, pulling down his briefs, and spraying piss into the urinal. He aimed with both hands, closed his eyes, and moaned.

An arc of golden piss shot through the air. The power was uncontrollable. The pain of Dalton's stretched bladder started to subside, replaced by a rush of euphoria. He was shaking with adrenaline. The sound of crashing liquids had tortured him just moments ago, but now, it was like a heavenly choir. Time stood still.

Dalton didn't know how long it lasted. He knew he had pissed more he ever had before. He knew the pain, the despair, the relief.

Dalton was dizzy when it was over. Releasing his muscles after all that time disoriented him. He looked down at his jeans. A round wet spot had formed on the side of his crotch. He pulled his pants back up and tied his jacket around his waist. Nobody had to know.

*007*2020-08-16 00:18

I appreciate your kindness, everyone. I've been interested in desperation my whole life, but there's a disappointing shortage of "twinks pissing themselves" content in the world. I feel a sense of responsibility to chip in a little bit. This story came to me basically all at once last night, so I'll keep shaking my brain to see if anything else comes out while I'm in a writing sort of mood.

