Disbarment and Fluid Dynamics: A Community Fanfic

Author: JamesK

*000*2024-02-25 06:38

Once again I’ll just list the actual cast of the show this fanfic is based on for anyone unfamiliar with it in the interest of saving time instead of writing vague character descriptions. The story takes place in season 2, episode 2.

Britta Perry: Gillian Jacobs

Pierce Hawthorne: Chevy Chase

Jeff Winger: Joel McHale

Troy Barnes: Donald Glover

Annie Edison: Alison Brie

Abed Nadir: Danny Pudi

Shirley Bennet: Yvette Nicole Brown.

Ben Chang: Ken Jeong

Alan Connor: Rob Corddry

Janitor: Steven W. Bailey

Annie Edison was once a very promising young girl. She was always top of the class and was hoping to get a scholarship to a good university. It all came crashing down when she got too dependent on Adderall and had a nervous breakdown. Several months of rehab and Narcotics Anonymous meetings later she was now at the worst community college in the area. But she was back on the right track, and had made a good group of friends.

One of these friends, Jeff Winger, was a former lawyer who had been disbarred when the State Bar Association had learned that his four year degree was fraudulent. He, like Annie, and like the rest of their study group had taken a few wrong turns in life and was at Greendale Community College to get back on track. He had recently met up with former coworker, a sleazy lawyer named Alan. Alan had a shrewd face, bald head, and expensive suit. He was familiar in some way, but Annie couldn’t quite put her finger on it until the group was waiting on Jeff in the study room.

They were going to plan their entry in the school Pop-and-Lock-a-thon, one of the many frivolities that Greendale spends money to throw instead of improving the school. Improvements like Spanish teachers who actually speak Spanish. Last year Spanish 101 was taught by the frankly insane Benjamin Chang, who spoke almost zero Spanish and wasn’t discovered until he was overheard confessing that fact to Jeff. Chang had conned his way into the job by insisting it was racist of the dean to not assume that an Asian man spoke Spanish, and the dean immediately caved without checking any of his qualifications. Now Chang was a student, who desperately wanted to join the study group (against the wishes of the entire group)

Jeff was predictably late, and the group knew he was just out drinking with Alan.

“What does Alan have that we don't?” Troy asked.

Pierce made some typical insensitive remarks, and Annie said

“I don't like how much drinking and carousing they do. It's a gateway to narcotics.”

She gasped as she suddenly realized why Alan was familiar.

“Narcotics! I know how I know Alan…But I'm not allowed to say.”

“Which means that you met him in Narcotics Anonymous,” Britta guessed.

“Why bring it up if you're not allowed?”Abed asked.

“Because...” Annie said hesitantly.

“He said something at a meeting about something bad he did. He might have done it to Jeff, but I can't say what it is.”

“Okay, you've gone from precious to annoying,” Troy said looking irritated.

“What if you don't say it, but we guess? Like charades?” Pierce suggested.

“With this group? I'm watching,” Abed said looking interested.

Annie wrote something down on her notebook and put it to the side. As she began to act out her answer, Shirley simply grabbed the notebook and read it out loud.

"Alan got Jeff disbarred."

The group exclaimed in surprise and Jeff walked through the door soon after.

“Jeff, Alan narced on you,” Britta told him.

“Narced? But he's, like, way too primo for that, Frank Zappa,” Jeff said mockingly.

“I think he turned you in to the state bar. I was in NA and he bragged about it. He doesn't recognize me because my hair's longer, my skin's clearer I've lost a lot of weight-“ Annie said.

“Annie. He said he turned me in?” Jeff interrupted.

“He said he sent an e-mail that got a rival co-worker fired around the time you got caught,” Annie answered.

“I know they never covered this on Yo Gabba Gabba, but that's circumstantial. Any other meaningless conspiracy theories?” Jeff said.

“Yes. Did you know that Go-Gurt is just yogurt?” Troy asked very seriously.

“Know what a therapist calls this kind of relationship?” Jeff asked in a leading tone.

“A gold mine,” Pierce replied.

“Codependent. You guys don't want me to be happy. You want me to need you. It's getting claustrophobic. I used to run full-speed through the boundless wilderness and now I'm in the zoo where the horizon is wallpaper and the air is stale and nothing is ever at stake.”

“In other words, we're not cool,” Britta said pointedly.

“I never said that. You may have heard it. I may have thought it. It may be true. But I never said it.”

“Jeff, will we see you at the pop-and-lock-a-thon?”

“No, Abed, I'm going to a cool party at my cool former law firm from when my life was cool.” With that, Jeff left the study room… to immediately be replaced with Chang, who had been trying to convince the group that he should take Jeff’s place at the pop-and-lock-a-thon.

“Fine, you can be on the team,” Troy said grudgingly.

“New deal. If we win, I get to be in the study group,” Chang declared.

The group looked around the table at each other and Abed said, “The stakes have never been higher”

Chang left, and Annie got an alert on her phone.

“Guys, listen to this: ‘I didn’t want to say anything in front of Winger, but if you want to come to the party tonight I could show you around. See what a successful man really looks like,’” She made a face of disgust at the implication she was getting from this text.

“Annie, Alan clearly just wants to manipulate you into having soulless lawyer sex with him on his expensive desk,” Britta said.

Shirley gasped, and Troy’s eyes widened comically.

“Alan said it was an email that got Jeff fired, right?” Abed asked.

“Yes?” Annie said, unsure of where Abed was going with this.

“Follow up: Do you think Alan deletes his emails?”

Britta turned sharply to look at Abed, realizing what he was suggesting. “That’s right! If you can access his computer you could find that email and prove to Jeff that Alan screwed him over!”

Abed pointed to Britta and tapped his nose with his other hand.

The group all agreed to get ready for the fancy lawyer party and try to get that evidence.

Annie didn’t have much money for expensive clothes, but she had found a nice red dress for the occasion; a floral pattern and short sleeves at the shoulders. She wore black heels and simple red bikini style panties. She had spent all day getting ready, as the entire plan hinged on Alan inviting her to his office. And one of the few things she had actually learned at Greendale was that things can always go wrong. Which is why it wasn’t until they had left her apartment that she realized she hadn’t used the bathroom before she left.

Annie dismissed the thought as soon as it crossed her mind, as there would surely be time to find a bathroom at the party. The group soon arrived at the party dressed up as much as each person’s limited income (excluding Pierce’s family money) would allow. Troy wore a suit with no tie, Abed a vest, tie, and checkered shirt, and Shirley a dress that would not look out of place at Easter Sunday. Britta and Pierce were the only ones who looked like they should be at a lawyer party; Britta wore a black cocktail dress with a high neckline and Pierce looked like a Democratic Party candidate with a decent suit and blue tie.

“God, it's a sea of Wingers. This whole place reeks of moral ambiguity,” Britta said distastefully.

“Actually, that was me. I apologize,” Pierce said, moving toward a table laden with glasses of champagne. “Now, you guys are new to high society, so just follow my lead and you'll be fine,” as he said this, he loudly and accidentally knocked several glasses over.

Jeff noticed them at that moment and quickly advanced toward them.

“First, why are you here? Second, I don't care. Leave.”

“As a matter of fact, Jeff, we were invited,” Britta said defiantly.

“Why would anyone do that?” Jeff asked.

As if in answer, Alan appeared behind him. “Hey, you guys made it! Come on in,” he addressed his words directly to Annie’s bust, making eye contact with no one. He pulled her aside, Annie looking nervously back at the group as she followed him.

“So, what do you think of the place?” he asked, finally managing to look at her eyes instead of her breast.

“It’s… nice,” she said, still taking in the whole atmosphere of the room.

She knew she needed to convince him to tell her where his office was, but her full bladder was starting to distract her. She decided to ask after that need first.

“Where is the bathroom?”

“Ah, you don’t want to use the one down here. It’s crowded, there’s a much nicer one on the fourth floor by my office.”

Annie couldn’t believe how easy it was going to be to get this information from him. She guessed the old adage that “men only want one thing” was true of at least the sleazy man talking to her now.

“And where exactly is your office?” She asked casually.

“Fourth floor, room 69,” he said, raising his eyebrows suggestively.

Annie forced a laugh and asked him the real number. He obliged, and told her he had to make nice with some more people before he could meet her up there.

She walked back to the group and said “Fourth floor, 470. First he said it was 69. I wanna rub Purell on my brain.”

She motioned for Troy and Abed to follow her to the elevator and pressed the button for the proper floor. The elevator door opened, and Annie saw the women’s bathroom on the left. She briefly considered stopping to pee as she was getting pretty desperate by now, but there wasn’t enough time.

“470 should be that way,” Abed pointed down the hall as he spoke.

As they moved down the corridors, they hugged the wall like they were in a spy movie. When they reached 470, Abed knelt on one side of the door and opened his backpack.

“I brought stuff people use for capers. Suction cup. Credit card. Chloroform. The credit card doesn't work, but the chloroform does,” He said enthusiastically.

“Annie, go back and keep lookout,” Troy said.

“Why me lookout? Why not you guys?” Annie asked.

“Cause if someone comes up here, Kanye and Kumar get taken to jail. You get taken to dinner,” Troy retorted.

“You guys!” Annie said indignantly.

“I am the smartest one in this whole group and all I’ve been used for is bait and distraction.”

She bounced around a bit as she said this, both from desperation to pee and desperation to do something useful. She then noticed that the boys were both looking at her chest as she bounced, essentially making their argument without word.

She made an offended noise and crossed her arms, saying “Go on your stupid mission. I hope it sucks.”

Annie then turned on her heel and marched to the end of the hallway. She was truly desperate by now, crossing and uncrossing her legs as she bounced at the knees. She had one hand pressed into her dress trying to relieve the pressure and the other had steadying herself on the wall. She was weighing the possibility of simply running off to use the bathroom while Troy and Abed found the email. She was not sure how much longer she could hold it, and felt a lookout was likely unnecessary. There was a party going on downstairs, surely no one would be going to their office right now. Just as she decided that a lookout was unnecessary and that she had time to pee and come back, she heard a loud unfamiliar voice coming from the direction of the office.

“Excuse me!”

The voice startled Annie so much that stream of urine spurted out into her panties as her heart dropped: someone had found them. She clenched her muscles and managed to stem the flow after a few seconds, but her underwear was now noticeably wet. She moved as quickly and quietly down the hall as she could, spying a janitor cart outside the open door to Alan’s office. Abed’s backpack lay open beside it, but the janitor himself must have entered the room. Annie saw the bottle of chloroform in Abed’s backpack, and made a split second decision. She grabbed a rag out of the backpack, doused it with the bottle and clapped it to the janitor’s mouth from behind him.

He struggled for a few seconds, Annie slowly pushing him down as he got weaker. As she struggled with the janitor, she once again started leaking pee, a few drops falling to the floor beneath her before she regained control. The janitor stopped struggling, Annie kneeling over him.

Troy and Abed stared down at her, horrified shock on their faces. “Oh, my God,” Troy blurted out in a high voice.

“I didn't know what to do,” Annie said, panicking.

“Oh, my God,” Troy said again.

“I usually have one foot out of reality, and even I'm freaking out right now,” Abed said.

“You chloroformed the janitor!?” Troy shouted hysterically.

“Stop yelling! You got caught!” Annie yelled back.

“You're the one yelling!”

“We're in trouble. We have to do something,” Annie said in panicked tears.

“I don't know what to do. My whole brain is crying!” Troy said, now pacing furiously.

“Guys, guys, guys,” Abed called out, trying to calm the other two. “I have an idea.

Okay, it may sound a little weird, but trust me.”

Abed’s plan was to try and convince the janitor that they were all chloroformed, so that they would not be questioned by anyone. Annie couldn’t think, her brain was drowning in both fear and urine. No one had any better ideas, so they all took their positions. Annie’s previous leaks had not fully emptied her bladder, and she found it exceptionally difficult to lie still on the ground with how badly she now needed to pee. After a few minutes that felt like an eternity, the janitor began to stir. Annie, Troy, and Abed feigned waking up too as the man looked around.

“What's happening?” He asked groggily.

“Oh. We all got chloroformed,” Troy said slowly.

“Somebody chloroformed all of us,” Annie lied.

“And now we're regaining consciousness together,” Abed said, staring at the janitor.

“I don't understand…Who is she?” Annie watched the janitor as his eyes fell on the rag she was still holding.

“Why is she holding a rag?”

Annie’s mind was completely empty of ideas. She could think of nothing but her bladder, which finally gave out. She started peeing freely into her panties, and in her panic she could think of nothing else to do but chloroform the janitor a second time. Still peeing, she brought the rag to his mouth like she was swatting a fly, and pushed him back onto the ground. She was now on her knees, her hand buried in the man’s face, pee streaming down her legs in rivulets of pale yellow liquid. She moved away from him once he was still, somehow managing to keep from peeing on his prone form.

Annie quickly backed to the far wall, leaving a trail of urine from beside the janitor to the puddle that was now expanding at her feet. She grimaced as she felt the hot pee running over her feet in her shoes, but her open-toed shoes at least weren’t retaining the liquid. Troy stared at her open-mouthed, and even Abed’s normally calm face looked as surprised as she had ever seen it as urine continued to pour out of her, now loudly pattering onto the carpeted floor unobstructed as she stood up straight. The flow finally tapered off, and all three of them stood in silence.

Pee was everywhere; there were two small puddles next to the janitor where Annie’s knees had been and a trail leading to the large puddle she now stood in. Her dress felt wet in several places, but not as much as if she had been sitting on it or holding herself in the front. Her panties were utterly soaked, and she smelled unmistakably of pee. She looked pleadingly at Troy and Abed, and all she could ask was “Does it look noticeable?”

She did a quick twirl to show them her full dress, because she couldn’t see any visible wetness.

“I don’t know if it’s the pattern or the material, but I actually don’t see anything,” Abed said helpfully.

“We got what we came for, we have the email. Nobody needs to know what happened here, let’s just leave right now,” Troy suggested, putting a comforting hand on Annie’s shoulder.

She nodded, and the group hurriedly fled the room. As they walked to the building’s exit, they saw Jeff talking to the rest of the group about something they couldn’t hear. Annie ran to the group, Troy and Abed on her heels, and reached toward Jeff with the printed email in her hand.

“This is the e-mail that Alan sent the bar association. He stabbed you in the back, Jeff. He's a bad friend.”

Jeff read the email in his hands, his expression unreadable.

“You're right. He's a bad friend. But he's a good lawyer. I appreciate you guys caring, but you have to understand that I don't. Caring is lethal around here. It's a disease. You guys have it. I don't. So if you do care about me, don't infect me. Now go win that pop-and-Iock-a-thon. I'll see you Monday.” With that, Jeff walked back to the party.

“It's like watching a soul slip through our fingers,” Shirley said sadly. “But what more can we do?”

Annie stared after Jeff, disbelief flooded through her just as urine had flooded her panties not five minutes ago because of how much they had cared about Jeff. Despondent, Annie grabbed the chloroform bottle and started to douse the rag once again.

Troy saw this and grabbed the bottle from her, shout-whispering “Would you stop!?” in a high pitched voice.

The group left the party feeling dejected, and made plans to return to the school for the pop-and-lock-a-thon. Annie made some excuses; as much as she wanted to go, she really needed to get changed and take a shower.

“Why do you need to change?” Pierce asked.

Annie froze, and Troy said, “she’s not really dressed for dancing. Come on, we’ll go hold our spot.” Annie looked gratefully at Troy, and hurried home to shower.

This she did quickly, as she actually did want to go to the pop-and-lock-a-thon. She expedited the process by adjusting the shower stream to waist height; she wouldn’t need to wash her hair and it would only raise more questions. She cleaned herself up and got changed into a sporty skirt that she could dance in, and raced back to the school. Upon arriving, she was surprised to see that Jeff had rejoined the group. He had realized he was wrong about caring, and that he would rather be at this silly dance contest than at the lawyer party. They all shared a group hug, which disqualified them from the contest. But they didn’t care about the contest as long as they had each other.

