Monster Girl Dream

Author: Jimmy Olsen

*000*2023-05-14 08:35

This somewhat silly scene is closely based on a dream I had last month where a story I wrote was magically acted out before my eyes. I couldn't think of a good title.

The nubile young servant walked toward her appointment with great trepidation. In a rarely-used room in the oldest part of the castle she found a deteriorating yet functional door which led to an even more neglected place. She had to test each stair with one foot before shifting her weight because many stones had come loose with age. Others were badly broken or completely missing. She had to stretch, creep, and hop to get from one safe footing to another. The spoiled state of the spiral staircase wasn't the only reason she went down so slowly. She dreaded what awaited her at the bottom.

The queen suspected the servant had slept with the king, and the younger woman couldn't deny the charge. The look on her face had said it all. He was the best she'd ever had, which wasn't a heroic feat considering her previous partners had been a few peasant boys and a monk she'd tempted out of celibacy. The queen had instructed her to discuss the matter privately in the lower keep, mentioning that the door would be unlocked. The look on the older woman's face had suggested this meeting wouldn't be a conversation, but rather a fight to the death.

The brief confrontation had also told her the queen knew another one of her secrets. Like many people in this kingdom, the servant was a monster, though not one of the more powerful ones. Her inhuman bodily compressions and contortions allowed her to wriggle in and out of places when no one was looking thanks to the many gaps, holes, and shafts located throughout the castle. The lower keep had been her very own secret hiding place, owing to the fact that the heavy rusted door had been locked for ages. It seemed to be forgotten by everyone besides the slithy monster, but evidently the queen knew of her sojourns to this long-overlooked room and possessed the key to unlock it.

Her limbs were unsteady and her entrails were unsettled, but she commanded her body to reach the appointed place. She found the door at the bottom of the stairway open. The space beyond was dark, cold, and quiet as a tomb.

The lower level was one big empty room. Whatever was once kept there had been moved out long ago, leaving only a scattering of rotten wood and rusted metal. The walls were bare stone, decorated only with cobwebs. In the center she found the queen standing as proud and still as an ancient statue.

The queen was much older than the king's illicit lover, but possessed a mature elegance that outshined the other woman's youthful beauty. She had a triangular face with rounded cheeks, angled eyebrows, and small yet cushiony lips. Her perfectly coifed auburn hair was topped with a crown covered in smooth crimson gems and sharp golden prongs. Her broad yet shapely figure was mostly concealed beneath ornate red and gold royal raiment. She looked strangely formal, posing in full regalia in the middle of the dingy grey room. Only her golden-brown eyes moved as she sized up the adulteress.

She saw a meek-looking brunette in a white toga with a mouth hanging half-open and a bosom constantly throbbing as a trembling hand reached for a small dagger concealed among the straps of a leather sandal.

"Tell me, servant girl, are you more concerned with preparations for physical conflict than the protocols of your station? Do you think the situation so dangerous you must dispense with the bows and words of address to your queen in order to draw your weapon and brace your body for combat? Aren't you afraid I'll chastise you for such a breach of etiquette?"

The young woman remained silent, knowing the frail-voiced and inarticulate responses she could give in this situation would only show her weakness compared to the sonorous and calmly collected words of the queen. Instead she brandished her dagger and let her human disguise melt away. She had fangs and blue skin, but didn't look much more fearsome, and certainly didn't look much less fearful.

That fear was multiplied when the older woman revealed her own monster form. Her russet locks became green stalks with spiky pincers at the ends that snapped like frenzied serpents. Her enormous ornamental sleeves were filled with writhing green tendrils. Larger appendages like python tails spilled out from under her dress. Only the face of her façade was retained, and so the horrors of her natural countenance remained hidden behind the magical mask of a peach-skinned hazel-eyed lady.

The queen's powers of disguise were so great that various inanimate objects on her person transformed when she pulled back the veil of illusion. Her scepter was a sturdy mace, the ornament on the front of her belt was a set of thumb-screws, the purse hanging to the side was a coiled length of rope, and her necklace was a bone-saw. The servant's fear was doubled again when she saw these implements and thought about what she could do to her with them.

The great green monster's many sinuous limbs allowed her to glide along the uneven stone floor as if it were ice, backing the petite blue beast into the only corner of the keep she couldn't weasel out of. She lost grip of her dagger and her bowels. The queen was closing in on her and unwinding the rope when she suddenly stopped.

"Did you soil yourself?"

The young monster who was paralyzed with fear was now stricken with embarrassment as well, making her cheeks turn a deep blue. She eventually managed a nod in response.

"Spread your legs and plant your feet."

The servant did as she was told, and in a moment two monstrous feelers were holding up the layers of fabric covering her lower body while several more ran up and down her legs and made little tugs on her underwear. Even more horrid despite the appearance of humanity were the queen's eyes, which alternated between examining the servant's body and glaring straight at her face. The older woman's austere visage was transformed by a fiendish closed-mouthed smile when she saw the bulge hanging behind the inner thighs.

"Now turn around."

When the servant obeyed the queen was further delighted by the full sight of the undergarment's befoulment. The near-solid bar of excrement hung pendulously in the seat of the young woman's underwear, its liquid component staining the white cloth brown. Its rearward protrusion was still discernible when the feelers released the fabric and let the clothing hang normally.

"Face me."

When the servant turned around the queen was human again. She resumed her own disguise, but was powerless to change the appearance or odor of her garments.

"Our duel is done. You may return to your quarters. I will accompany you and correct you if you stray from the chosen route."

The relieved yet embarrassed woman awkwardly toddled across the empty room, the wobbling weight in her underwear terribly blatant. The queen followed far behind and kept smiling while the younger woman waddled up the steps toward further humiliation upstairs.

