Tided up and desperate

Author: JacobEvie

*000*2016-06-19 01:04

It was a simple mission, go out kill a few templars, get back to the train. However, this wasn't the case for Miss Fuckin' Perfect. She would be in for the worst time of her life.

Evie ripped the note from the assassination wall, a quick glance told her exactly where she need to be. She jumped the train around evening, the night had fallen early and she was grateful for it, as it meant she could pull up her hood and blend with the shadows. She hid in the alleyways, making sure to end a few blighters on the way over.

The note had told her the precious piece of eden was stashed in an abandoned warehouse. She made her way well into the heart of the city, to push herself up against the wall. She looked out, knoticing there were quite a few templars roaming the area. Her gaze fell upon a nearby templar, who was quite restless. He was pacing back and forth, back and forth, almost jumping with each step he took. This got the young assassins curiosity and so she continued to watch him.

"Fuck Jimmy, I've gotta go take a piss!" he complained, as he continued to bounce up and down.

His companion laughed as he lit up a cigarette, "You heard what Miss Thorne said." He reminded him.

"I know that, but if I don't go. I'm gonna piss myself."

"You wanna piss yourself and keep your balls intact," his friend smiled.

Evie continued to watch, for some reason just watching him was sending her mixed feelings. The man was openly grabbing himself, moaning into the night as he did so.

"Fuck! I can't take it no more. Watch my back!" He ordered and set about undoing his trousers.

He only responce was a small grunt, he turned around, his trousers half open, to see his companion fall to the floor with a dull thud.

"Fuckin' hell!" he choked out, as a hand reached up and covered his mouth.

His lower regions grew warm and Evie knew he'd let himself go, whether through panic or just knowing that it was the end for him. Evie gave no thought to the matter as she sliced his neck with her hidden blade, while the man was in mid piss. She let him drop to the floor in a mix of blood and piss.

The next templars were easy to dispatch, as they were all split up rather nicely. She finished the last with a throwing knife and headed for the door. She stopped dead as the door flew open and out stepped another templar, Evie was now hidden out of sight, watching as the man sighed in relief, his piss hitting the ground making quite the puddle. The young assassin sprung forth and ended him instantly. He too dropped with a dull thud.

After everyone had been taken care of, Evie headed inside. She used her eagle vision to locate the chest in a room downstairs. However, the room wasn;t at all guarded and she wondered if the security had been outside only. That would have been the reason her guards weren't allowed to take breaks. She shrugged it off and reached for the door handle, her instincts went crazy as soon as she threw the door open. There was a trap waiting for her and she hadn't bothered to check properly. She turned on her heel quickly, but she just wasn;t quick enough. The force of the blast, threw her into the wall opposite, rendering her unconcious.

When she finally came to, she could feel herself sitting on a chair. No, tied to a chair. She lifted her heavy head, blinking her eyes to try and clear them of blood and dizzyness, just as a hand grabbed a handful of her hair, to force her head back.

"i see you're finally awake," a familiar cocky voice called to her.

"Lucy Thorne!" The younger woman hissed, as her head was yanked back harder. "You won't get away with this."

"Won't I?" she asked, with a sneer. "We shall soon see."

Evie's head was then released in the most forceful way. She lifted it to look at the red head across from her.

"I have something planned for you, my dear."

Evie swollowed as Lucy headed her way, a thin cane in hand.She brought it down with a sharp crack on the younger womans leg, frowning when the assassin didn't give her what she wanted, instead Evie just breathed through her clenched teeth.

"You will surrender to me, one way or another." The red head ordered, as she cracked the cane again.

Evie hissed at the pain, but refused to give in. Lucy struck again and again, until satified when the younger woman finally screamed. Evie hung her head in defeat, while Lucy pulled it back up to look in her eyes.

"There's a good girl!" She cooed, as Evie spat at her.

Lucy pushed her away from her, so she could wipe her face. Evie didn't bother to look at her, as a gloved hand struck her hard across the face. She pulled back with a sharp hiss and kept her head down.

"I was going to let you have something, but now I changed my mind." Lucy informed her. "All of you out!"

Evie lifted her head slightly to watch them all go, including Lucy herself. She was glad to be left alone, as her mind raced frantically to get her out of there. She looked all around her, searching for something, anything to help in her escape, but just came up blank. She sighed and slumped back, waiting for Lucy to make her next move.

###

Evie awoke the next day, her mouth dry. She needed water, her mouth was as dry as the desert. She lifted her head to see a woman on guard outside. She called out, but with her mouth being dry it was quite the task.

"I....need....wa...ter!" she called.

The woman either didn't hear or just didn't care. Evie slumped back and waited. Lucy didn't turn up until later in the day, she had the door unlock for her and headed inside.

"Miss Frye," she smirked, looking down on the younger woman.

Evie didn't bother to look at her, just looked at the floor. Lucy reached out for her chin, grabbing it roughly she raised Evie's head for her.

"I called to you. I would like an answer."

Evie looked away from her, making Lucy shake her.

"Lost your voice, have we?"

"Ne...ed...wa....ter"

"Need what?" Lucy teased, as she looked to her guards. "Give her what she wants."

One of her woman blighters walked over, carrying a jug in hand. Lucy grabbed her captives hair this time, forcing her head back.

"Give it to her!" Lucy snapped, as she pulled the assassins mouth open.

"Yes, Miss!" The woman replied shakily, as she hold the jug over the strugling assassin.

Lucy watched with delight as Evie was forced to drink the fluid, choking ever so often, but still managing to keep swollowing. After the jug was empty, the blighter made her way back, leaving Lucy to stroke Evies lightly freckled cheek.

"You stubborn little girl, you just won't end your silly little search."

Evie glared at her, before her head was once again forced forwards.

"I will see you again tomorrow, my dear!" she teased, as she headed out. "Goodbye!"

Evie pulled hard on her restraints, but it got her no where, just sore bloody wrists.

"Come on, Evie! Think!"

She tried time and time again to think of a way out of this mess, but each time she came up blank. She slumped herself into the chair with a loud groan. The familiar feeling in her body, made her feel ten times worse. She knew no one was going to help her out and she'd be forever humiliated if Thorne found her like that. She tried and tried desperatly to pull herself free of the chair, but it wasn;t going to happen. Her ankles were also tied to the legs of the chair, so there was no way for her to move them freely.

"Damn it! Damn it! Damn it!" She cursed, as she finally tired herself out.

The only thing she had to do now was to wait until tomorrow. However, that was really starting to prove difficult, as the amount of water drank along with the hours she'd been left, were really starting to show. She rocked hersefl back and forth to try and ease her suffering, it was no use the urges were getting stronger. She brought her thighs together, but that wasn;t helping either and now to make matters worse, Lucy was back down again, watching her squirm.

"Let me go or so help me!" She threatened, watching as the smirk on the templars face never budged.

"Or you'll do what, piss on me!" She laughed, in her cruel mocking tone. "You're in quite the predicament. Aren't you, Miss Frye?"

Evie turned away with a look of disgust and embarrassment.

"Aw, don't pout." Lucy sighed, as she made her way over.

Evie kept her gaze away, as the red head grabbed her chin again and forced her to look at her once more.

"Look at me!" she ordered, but Evie did no such thing. "Very well, carry on playing hard to get."

Evie turned her head the other way, a sharp gasp escaping her lips when she felt a hand touch her between the legs. She turned sharply to face the templar, who was now on her knees in front of her, a hand softly stroking her now.

"What are you doing?" she hissed, looking to the hand between her legs, then back to the red head.

"Just having a little fun with you, Miss Frye, before we part company."

Evie thrashed about wildly, making Lucy pull away.

"Come in here now!" Lucy demanded, as a brute made his way over to her.

"Yes, my lady?" he asked.

"Stand at the back of her and hold her down!"

"Yes, miss!"

Evie's eyes widened in shock as the brute circled her to place his large hands on her shoulders. She tryed to move again but was restricted now. Pleased with her decision, Lucy pulled the glove from her hand and reached out to touch the younger womans swollen bladder. Evie desperatly held back the tears that threatened to fall, at the torture she was receiving. She bit her bottom lip hard, drawing blood, when Lucy pushed on her. She held it back as best she could, but found herself weakening.

"Stubborn til the end I see, Miss Frye!" Lucy sneered, as she slipped off her other glove to started rubbing between the younger womans legs.

Evie held back moans of discomfort and pleasure, Lucy watched loving every moment of the pthers agony.

"I'll.....kill.....you!" Evie stammered, glaring at Lucy through water filled eyes.

The templar just smirked and carried on rubbing her, making the young woman throw back her head in bliss as she came and pissed at the same time. After the wave pf pleasure passed, leaving her to feel her trousers dampening at her own waste, she could no longer hold back the tears. Lucy smiled and stood, watching the young woman now break down in a fit of tears.

"Come now, Miss Frye. Don't tell me that wasn't enjoyable?" she asked, as she put her gloves back on.

Evie continued to sob as her stream starting to slow, the warm soggy wetness felt horrible against her skin. Her own water was still pouring off the chair, to form a puddle by her feet. Her boots had taken a lot of the damgae as well, with it unable to escape, making it sit in the bottom, soaking her socks. The room was silent all for the sound of dropplets hitting the water below as well as Evie's sniffles. She felt so dirty, so wrong, sheknew she'd never forget a thing like this ever in her life.

"Alright, now that that is done with, it's time we head back. Goodnight, Miss Frye." Lucy waved.

Evie sat looking down at herself, her urine was cooling now and was feeling really uncomfortable. She hung her head and wished that her brother would come find her and take her home, she was cold, misreable and wet. She felt her eye lids grow heavy and let sleep take a hold of her. She could hear yelling and banging going off in her dream, but wait it wasn;t her dream it was real. She opened her eyes to a familiar voice.

"I'm here, Evie!" Jacob called to her, making her tears start to fall once again.

Her brother had a habit of ruining her plans, but right now she was so relived to see him.

"Jacob!" she sobbed, as her twin pulled her into a hug.

"I'm so sorry, Evie!" he told her.

"Why?" she questioned, sniffling once again.

"For letting this happen to you," he explained.

She looked down at herself and started once again.

"I never want this to happen again!" She sobbed, as Jacob comforted her again.

He took off his coat and draped it over her shoulders, she'd refused at first, with her being all wet, but he insisted. He helped her out into the crisp night sky, she was glad of the time of day to cover up her embarrassment. She rested her head on her brothers shoulder, up until he put her in a carriage. The female Rooks looked on, wondering if they could lend a hand. Jacob allowed them. He took her back to the train and helped her to undress, she slipped her nightgown on over her underwear to then slip of her wet underclothes. Jacob helped her into bed and stroked back her hair, before sitting down in the armchair to watch over her for the rest of the night.

*001*2016-06-19 10:24

Wrote this up quickly last night, while I had the urge. Was really tired, but wanted to write it up as its my obsession at the moment, so that's why there are some many mistakes. Damn, people must think I'm really weird. Anyway, I know not many of you share the same interests as me, but it's mostly my thing so yeah. I am well pleased if it gets liked by others too.

