Wet at Eleven

Author: JackFrost16

*000*2021-01-17 21:08

Chapter 1:

Bruna sat down in front of the TV and started to flip through the channels. She had just gotten home from the office after a tedious day spent reading reports and attending meetings. She had changed from her professional work attire into a comfortable pair of jeans that fit tight against her impressive physique. She continued to search for something to watch, brushing a strand of her long blonde hair behind her ear. She needed something that would help her relax. Bruna had just been promoted to assistant manager of the online selling company she worked for. Thus, she had been going above and beyond to prove that she deserved the position.

After a few minutes of unsuccessful searching, Bruna finally settled on the news. The lead story was about cyber security and the increase in piracy and identity theft that was affecting the nation. It wasn't the most interesting thing to view but it was better than nothing. She started to zone out until a strange flicker brought her attention back to the screen. Bruna stared intently at the TV. I could have sworn I saw something she thought. Just as Bruna was beginning to dismiss what she had seen as a trick of the light, something even grander happened.

The screen began to glitch, static cutting in and out. Bruna looked on in confusion. What's going on? My internet is working fine. Suddenly the screen cut out all together, going completely black. Soon after a swirling pattern appeared on the screen. It moved psychedelically, with ever changing colors. A voice from the TV startled Bruna. It spoke in a calming mater and Bruna felt her self start to relax.

"Calm down" the voice said. "Everything is all right. Just keep looking at the screen. Breath in and out. Relax your body." Bruna found herself doing what the voice said. It was like her conscience was separated from her body somehow. She could feel herself relaxing, but her mind had no say in it.

"Let your body relax" the voice continued. "Don't hold anything back. I bet you're feeling stressed or tired right now. Maybe you even have to pee?" Bruna frowned. That was odd. She did have to pee. She didn't remember having to do so before.

"Yes that's it. You have to use the bathroom. It's probably pretty bad isn't it?". Bruna slid a hand between her legs. Yes it was bad. She was practically desperate. When had it gotten so much worse?

"It doesn't matter" the voice said. "Just relax. Let it out. There's no shame in wetting yourself. Plus, you probably couldn't have made it to the bathroom anyway". That was true. Bruna was quite certain she was about to wet herself. Hey why not?, Bruna thought. There's no shame in it right? Bruna slowly breathed out and let go. Warm liquid shot out of her bladder. She began to pee. Her underwear were hit first as warm piss shot from between her legs. The underwear was quickly overwhelmed and the pee rushed past into her pants. It splashed against her jeans darkening them to a deep blue. A puddle began to form under her ass. Her thighs were soaked as well and a stream of pis poured off of her couch hitting the floor and pooling on the ground. Bruna breathed a sigh of relief. That felt good. She sat still for a minute or two delighting in the warm, wet sensation all over her lower body.

Suddenly Bruna snapped back to normal. She blinked as she looked around her surroundings. She was dazed, but soon back to normal. She looked down and gasped. Did I just pee myself? One sniff in the air confirmed her fears. How had this happened? Bruna blushed. She vaguely remembered something about the TV, but when she looked it was playing the news as normal. She quickly stood up and went to go get a towel, still wondering what had happened.

###

Chapter 2:

Madison took a long drink form her water bottle, breathing hard. her legs continued to propel her forward. She looked at the digital display on the treadmill. It showed that she had gone over two miles in only twelve minutes. A new personal best. Madison was at home. She had bought her own treadmill after a little debate. She had been using it for almost a year now, and could see the effects. She had slimed down and she was looking stronger and stronger as the days went on. She was watching the news on a TV screen in her home. They were covering a story about cyber security. Nothing too interesting. Still, it was something to take her mind off the burn in her legs.

As she watched the screen began to flicker. Frowning Madison looked closer. It flickered again. Suddenly the whole screen went black. She paused the treadmill and was just about to go check on the internet connection, when a swirl of colors lit up the screen. A calming voice began to speak.

"Calm down" the voice said. "Everything is all right. Just keep looking at the screen. Breath in and out. Relax your body." Madison did as she was told. She felt a strange sense of security when she hear the voice.

"Let your body relax" the voice continued. "Don't hold anything back. I bet you're feeling stressed or tired right now. Maybe you even have to pee?" Madison did have to pee. She must have been so focused on her workout that she didn't notice before, That was odd.

"Yes that's it. You have to use the bathroom. It's probably pretty bad isn't it?". Madison started to bounce up and done. She was starting to get desperate, but was strangely unable to pull herself away from the screen.

"It doesn't matter" the voice said. "Just relax. Let it out. There's no shame in wetting yourself. Plus, you probably couldn't have made it to the bathroom anyway". Madison felt herself believing the voice. Why would she not just go now? Holding it seemed silly. She looked down at her grey leggings. I could always just wash them. Madison shrugged, and began to relive herself. A slow trickle of pee made its way into her underwear, wetting the white fabric. The trickle soon turned into a full blown torrent. Pee poured into Madison's leggings. They quickly became almost black in coloration. She felt the warm liquid running down the inside of her thighs, working its way to her calves. She let out a moan of pleasure. The pee continued down, pooling around her shoes. The back of her legs were soaked as well. She felt like she was in heaven.

The feeling of euphoria soon faded. It only took Madison a few moments after that to realize what happened.

"Oh my God!" I just peed my pants!" she squealed. She stood in shocked silence for another moment. She couldn't even remember how this had happened. Shaking her head, Madison walked down the hall cringing every time her wet leggings rubbed against her skin. As she bent down to wipe up the puddle she had made Madison wondered' Has this ever happened to anyone else before?

*003*2021-01-19 17:52

{{On 1/18/2021 at 5:54 AM, Thispieguy1 said:

Really good so far, I can't wait to see it continued. Would be really cool to see what you could come up with a dual wetting situation like with a mother and daughter or two friends, just food for thought :). Keep up the good work!

}}

Thanks! Definitely planning to do something like this in the future.

