Padme: A Star Wars Story

Author: JamesK

*000*2025-05-28 03:40

As I usually do for fan fiction, I will use a cast list instead of writing physical descriptions of characters.

Anakin Skywalker: Hayden Christianson

Padme Amidala: Natalie Portman

Jango Fett: Temura Morrison

Count Dooku: Christopher Lee

Padme studied her ship’s scanner as Anakin deftly piloted them to the surface of Geonosis.

“See those columns of steam straight ahead? They’re exhaust vents of some kind,” she told her Jedi protector.

Anakin eyed the columns and replied “That’ll do.”

He brought the ship in for a smooth landing, ensuring to fly low enough to avoid detection on the Geonosian scanners. Somewhere in all that steam and rock was his mentor, his teacher, and his best friend Obi-Wan Kenobi; captured by the Separatists. Obi-Wan and Mace Windu had both been very clear on Anakin keeping to his assignment and focusing solely on protecting Padme, but Anakin was no stranger to disobeying orders. Though he still was somewhat glad that Padme had given him a loophole to exploit, in her insistence that she would rescue Obi-Wan with or without his help.

“Look, whatever happens out there- follow my lead,” Padme said as she rose from her chair. “I’m not interested in getting into a war here.”

She was by nature a peaceful woman. She had argued against the creation of a Republic military from the beginning, knowing that such a move would inevitably bring them closer to a full scale galactic war. Padme knew many of the Separatists personally, and certainly empathized with their feelings of neglect by the Republic Senate.

Unlike the more devout pacifist Duchess Satine however, Padme knew that there were people who could not be reasoned with. She just hoped that the Separatists were not yet at that point. But the senator readied her blaster all the same.

“As a member of the Senate, maybe I can find a diplomatic solution to this mess.” She said as she donned her cloak.

Anakin said “Don’t worry. I’ve given up trying to argue with you.”

The pair made their way down the ramp and to the nondescript Geonosian door. No sooner had they entered than Padme realized she had neglected to do something important- she needed to pee. The senator tried to ignore the urge. Her bladder had a tendency to trouble her any time she was exceptionally nervous; presenting an important piece of legislation, negotiating with other senators in private, or any of the times in the past that she had been in mortal danger.

Usually Padme didn’t actually need to pee particularly badly, she just became hyper aware of the fluid that was in her bladder. On more than one occasion she had excused herself to use the refresher only to find that she had barely needed to go at all. The senator sincerely hoped that this was one of those occasions. Even if it wasn’t, there was simply no time for a bathroom break now.

Anakin and Padme strode through the corridor, though something about it made Padme’s hair stand on end. Anakin made a subtle gesture with his hand, indicating that Padme should stop.

“Wait…” he instructed. Padme heard the fluttering of insectoid wings behind her and Anakin’s lightsaber sparked to life. The corridor was suddenly filled with Geonosian warriors lunging at the pair. Padme rushed towards the door at the end of the corridor while Anakin held off the attackers.

The door opened for her and she almost ran right off the edge; the room she had entered was a cavernous factory, with only a small platform beneath her feet. There was a conveyor belt covered in slabs of molten steel some twelve feet below the platform, but no stairs or walkways to reach it. The place had clearly been designed with only the winged Geonosians in mind. Padme, who lacked any such flying ability, had nowhere to go. Anakin was suddenly next to her, and was also immediately caught off guard by the lack of floor in front of them.

Before either of them could formulate a plan, the platform beneath them quickly retracted. Anakin was able to grab hold of a groove in the door with his Jedi reflexes, but Padme was not quick enough. She fell to the platform and landed hard on her feet. She crumpled from the momentum and her ass slammed to the ground.

Padme felt a spurt of urine escape her, forced out by the harsh landing. It wasn’t enough to soak through her underwear and be visible on her pants, but she could definitely feel the sudden wetness. And the pee stain in her underwear was the least of her problems; she was on a moving conveyor belt that was heading fast towards some heavy machinery that looked very capable of smashing her to pieces. She heard Anakin land behind her, but the conveyor belt had already moved her nearly twenty feet. Her Jedi protector was then beset by more Geonosian warriors, who seemed to be completely ignoring her in favor of neutralizing Anakin.

Padme decided her best course of action was to try to escape to a safe place and trust that Anakin would find her. He was well practiced at fighting multiple opponents, and she was afraid she would just get in the way. Padme turned away from him and saw a line of heavy metal presses in front of her.

Each machine took up the entire assembly line, slamming violently onto the molds to help shape them into what Padme assumed were the torsos of Trade Federation battle droids.

Padme stared at the presses as the belt carried her towards them, counting the seconds it took for the machines to rise and fall. Her only hope was to duck under the machine in the space between molds as it rose and fell. There would be no margin for error. Another stream of pee wet her underwear as she prepared herself to roll under the machine, but Padme ignored it as she intently timed out her roll.

She maneuvered around the machinery, narrowly avoiding death several times as the conveyor belt passed under various obstacles. Each time she saw her impending death, another spurt of urine escaped her. The moment she was in a relatively clear place in the line, Padme took a moment to get her bearings. She had stopped peeing, but her white leggings were wet almost to her knees. There was still more urine in her bladder, but she had stemmed the flow for now.

Padme straightened up, searching for any safety in the factory. Before she could spot anything, a Geonosian dropped from the air in front of her. It lunged for her, grabbing her arms and trying to restrain her. Padme struggled against it, but lost her footing and fell off the conveyor belt.

Padme hit a stone surface, and realized that she had fallen into a massive crucible. The opening at the top was nearly three meters in diameter, and the crucible was likely at least six meters tall. Padme tried to crawl up the wall, but it was too smooth. The line of crucibles were being moved jerkily on a rail, stopping every thirty meters as a spigot of molten steel filled them one at a time.

Padme heard the spigot coming closer and closer, and realized that there was no way to escape. She could not climb out of the crucible, and it was seconds away from being filled with white hot liquid steel. With that realization, Padme’s bladder gave way. Her underwear, already wet from her earlier leaks, did nothing to stop the flow of hot piss dripping out of her. Padme pressed her knees together in a vain attempt to stem the flow. The stain spread rapidly across the front of her white leggings, making the material slightly translucent. Pee flowed down her legs in hot streams, quickly filling her calf high boots. Streams of urine poured off of her joined knees and pattered against the floor of the crucible, forming a puddle in the middle.

The crucible jerked forward another thirty meters and stopped abruptly. Padme looked up at the spout above her and closed her eyes. Her pee stream finally stopped, but it hardly mattered. Her death was moments away. Then, she heard the spout stop. Before Padme could even register what that meant, the mechanism holding the crucible released it. It fell to the ground and toppled over, throwing her out across the floor.

Padme stood up slowly, hardly daring to believe that she was on solid ground again. Her relief at being away from the death machines was mingled with humiliation at the state of her wet pants. She examined the huge stain that covered her front and belatedly decided that this was definitely not one of those circumstances where she would have visited the refresher for nothing.

She twisted around to check her ass, but the back of her leggings seemed to have been mostly spared from the deluge of urine that had poured out of her.

At that moment, several Geonosians landed around her. They leveled weapons at the senator, and she had no choice but to surrender. Padme’s cheeks flushed with embarrassment, though she supposed her Geonosian captors may not truly understand how embarrassing her accident was. That one slightly comforting thought disappeared almost as quickly as it came to her, as the warriors rendezvoused with a human bounty hunter (Jango Fett, she presumed from Obi-Wan’s message) who had apprehended Anakin. The man wore shiny Mandalorian armor accented with blue and had a sleek pair of pistols pointed at Anakin’s back. They were accompanied by a half-dozen destroyer droids.

“Padme! Are you hurt?” Anakin asked, only glancing down at the stain on Padme’s pants for a moment before looking back to her eyes.

“I’m okay,” Padme answered. She looked to Fett and spoke with the confidence of a woman who had not just been captured by several alien warriors while wearing pants she had recently pissed in.

“I am a senator of the Galactic Republic. You have no right to hold us captive. I demand that you bring me to whoever is in charge here.”

The bounty hunter seemed amused. “Of course, senator.” He gestured with his pistol for her to stand next to Anakin, and moved them on their way. Every step made Padme wince as she felt the cooling pee squelch in her boots, as well as the wet fabric of her leggings rubbing against her legs. The walk seemed to take an eternity, but eventually the group was standing before an imposing looking door. The door opened to reveal a round table with a hologram projector on it- and Count Dooku sitting at the other end.

Seated next to the Count was Poggle the Lesser, Archduke of Geonosis. The bounty hunter moved to stand at Dooku’s left side while the Geonosian warriors filed into the room. Padme moved to sit in the seat farthest from the elderly former Jedi and immediately launched into negotiations. She hoped her accident would go, if not unnoticed, at least unmentioned. Urine soaked pants were often a hindrance to one’s credibility.

“You’re holding a Jedi Knight: Obi-Wan Kenobi. I’m formally requesting that you hand him over to me now.” Padme said, staring boldly into Dooku’s eyes.

Count Dooku immediately dashed her hopes of having her accident unaddressed. “My lady, unlike the Republic, we respect the dignity of all beings here in the Separatist Alliance. We will allow you to change into clean garments before we begin our negotiations.”

Padme’s eyes narrowed. While an inexperienced politician might take that gesture as a show of respect, it was actually a subtle power play. Dooku refused to address her point, and wanted to open with a move that put her however so slightly in his debt. As much as she wanted to accept his “offer”, Padme knew it would be a poor move.

“I must decline, Count,” Padme said. “The discomfort I feel from my wet clothes pales next to my indignation that you would so boldly hold three representatives of the Republic as hostages.”

“We don’t recognize the Republic here, Senator.” Dooku said in his commanding baritone. “But if Naboo were to join our alliance… I could easily hear your plea for clemency.”

“And if I don’t join your rebellion?” Padme’s anger rose. She remembered Master Ki-Adi Mundi claiming that Dooku was simply a political idealist, and wondered bitterly how the Jedi Council would react to one of their revered former Jedi holding three hostages to coerce her into joining her planet to his cause.

Count Dooku clocked her use of the word “rebellion” as a slight to the legitimacy of the Separatist movement. “The Republic cannot be fixed, my lady,” he said gravely. “It is time to start over.”

Padme shifted in her seat, grimacing at the now cold clammy feeling of her pants. Dooku sat there preaching of corruption while he was in league with Nute Gunray and his Trade Federation. The same Trade Federation that blockaded Naboo ten years ago, starving her people and killing thousands of Gungans and Naboo.

“I know of your treaties with the Trade Federation, the Commerce Guilds and the others, Count. I will not forsake all I have honored and worked for and betray the Republic,” Padme said defiantly.

Count Dooku gave her a solemn look. “Without your cooperation… I’ve done all I can for you.”

Poggle clicked something in his Geonosian language that amounted to “take them away!”

Padme assumed that she and Anakin would be taken to a dungeon or something similar, but instead they were brought to a small holding area. They waited for over an hour, neither one speaking much. Nothing the two would say was something they wanted overheard by the Geonosian sentries. Padme’s pants had mostly dried in the interim, but the white fabric was still obviously stained pale yellow and smelled strongly of dried urine. Given how poorly her negotiations with Count Dooku had gone anyway, the senator was beginning to sorely wish she had taken the man’s offer of clean clothes.

Suddenly, the doors opened, revealing a large tiered amphitheater. A single ray of sunlight was the only source of light, illuminating a patch of stone floor beneath an impressive balcony. Poggle the Lesser stood on that balcony, staring down at the prisoners. The crowd was filled with Geonosians, aside from a balcony of prime seats in which the Separatist council sat in attendance. The Geonosian guards guided Anakin and Padme to stand in the light.

“You have been charged and found guilty of espionage,” Poggle declared. “Do you have anything to say before your sentence is carried out?”

Padme stood proudly, and spoke without betraying a hint of the fear she felt. “You are committing an act of war, Archduke. I hope you are prepared for the consequences.”

Laughter echoed through the court. “We build weapons, Senator...that is our business! Of course we're prepared!” Poggle said.

“Get on with it,” Nute Gunray called out from the Separatist seats. “Carry out the sentence. I want to see her suffer.”

Poggle acknowledged Gunray, then addressed Padme. “Your other Jedi friend is waiting for you, Senator. Take them to the arena!”

*003*2025-06-30 20:05

{{13 hours ago, starwarsomo said:

Outstanding novel with unique insight! Most people write Padme wet herself in the execution arena but u have wild imagination

Pls more star wars storues pls, I loved this

}}

Do you have a link to any of those other Padme stories? I’ve never been able to find omo of her besides what’s on this site before I wrote this.

Also I am thinking of continuing this story, but I do write very sporadically.

*005*2025-07-05 05:24

{{On 7/1/2025 at 12:42 AM, starwarsomo said:

%https://www.google.com/search?q=padme+omorashi

}}

Thank you! I think I might continue this story, including some episodes of Clone Wars later on. Maybe some original scenarios even. I also have some vague ideas for some other characters.

*006*2025-08-08 11:18

Immediately after Poggle sentenced Anakin and Padme, they were escorted away. They were led to an open top Geonosian chariot that was pulled by some four legged creature Padme was unfamiliar with. The pair had their hands bound in front of them in metal handcuffs, making boarding the cart awkward. Padme’s eyes darted around looking for an escape. She had an emergency pin in the lining of her belt that she thought could be used to pick the handcuffs, but it would be useless while they were surrounded by guards. Padme looked to Anakin, hoping to see him formulating a plan. Anakin however, had his eyes closed.

Padme supposed he was meditating; reaching out with the Force to search for any way out. The cart began to move down a long and narrow tunnel, and Padme concluded that as neither she nor Anakin had discovered an escape, one was not possible at the moment. Watchful guards flew close by, and there was nowhere to escape to. The utter reality of her situation seemed to suddenly hit her.

They were bound for execution, and there was no escape. The pair were important to the Republic; a senator and a Jedi, two representatives of the galaxy spanning government. Palpatine would not take this sitting down. The senate would demand an armed response, and the war Padme had been so determined to avoid would come to pass.

Padme turned to look at Anakin, hoping that he had some idea that had escaped her. His face was passive, unmoving. He was still deep in meditation, possibly hoping for some sort of Force vision to guide them to safety. Anakin was unlike anyone Padme had ever met before. She had grown up around politicians and soldiers, people who were utterly devoted either to their duty or to themselves. She herself had been utterly devoted to her homeworld, serving first as queen and now as senator. But Anakin was devoted to people.

Padme realized now that that was what set him apart. While other Jedi stifled their love to serve the galaxy as a whole, it seemed Anakin allowed himself to fully feel his love. He would do anything for those he loved. All the excuses, every reason Padme had told herself that they couldn’t be together fell by the wayside. They were going to die. And she didn’t want to die denying the love she felt deep within her.

A light appeared at the end of the tunnel, ironically indicating the light of their lives was soon to be snuffed out. The cart came to a halt just short of the exit, and Padme could hear the buzz of a massive crowd outside. She steeled herself; fear had no place here. She would die upright, defiantly facing whatever cruel spectacle the separatists had planned.

Anakin finally opened his eyes. Padme looked at him and prepared herself to say what she had been yearning to say since he had first returned to her life.

“Don't be afraid,” Anakin said, looking at her. He seemed to be trying to exude calmness.

“I'm not afraid to die,” Padme said simply.

“I've been dying a little bit each day since you came back into my life.”

“What are you talking about?” Anakin asked.

“I love you.”

“You love me?” A wild happiness glinted in Anakin’s eyes for a moment before he said

“I thought we decided not to fall in love. That we would be forced to live a lie. That it would destroy our lives...”

“I think our lives are about to be destroyed anyway. I truly, deeply love you, and before we die I want you to know,” Padme declared firmly.

She leaned in for a kiss, which Anakin passionately returned. The cart began to move once again. The pair broke off their kiss just as the cart pulled them into the dazzling sunlight of a massive open arena filled with thousands of cheering Geonosians.

On one side of the arena was a central spectator balcony, occupied by Poggle the Lesser, Count Dooku, and the other Separatist leaders. There were four tall pillars on the other side of the arena; Obi-Wan stood chained to the rightmost pillar. He gaped at Anakin and Padme as the cart approached, and Padme thought briefly how absurd the situation was from his point of view. The last he had known, Anakin had been given orders to maintain a low profile keeping Padme safe on her own peaceful homeworld. And now he sees the pair of them bound in chains, (Padme wearing clearly urine stained pants) and sentenced to death on a hostile planet.

The Geonosians motioned for her and Anakin to disembark, and as Padme stepped off the cart she surreptitiously removed the thin pin from her belt and slipped it into her mouth. She bit down to secure the pin in place, and the Geonosian guard at her side seemed none the wiser. He simply pushed her against the pillar and forced her now empty hands above her head as he connected a long chain from her handcuffs to the very top of the pillar. Anakin and Obi-Wan were discussing their current situation, but Padme was focused only on what she could do to escape. She heard Poggle the Lesser announced in his strange language “Let the executions begin!”

Gateways on the opposite wall from the pillars opened, and three vicious creatures emerged from separate tunnels: an acklay, a reek, and a nexu. The Geonosian handlers guided the creatures toward their prey.

Padme decided that right now was her best chance. The pin in her mouth was her only hope. She brought her handcuffs to her mouth and started to pick the locking mechanism. After a few moments, she managed to free her right hand. Her left hand Padme left chained to help with the next and only step in her plan: climb the pillar.

She leaned back as far as she could until all her weight was supported by the chain and she put her left foot on the pillar. She hoisted herself up by the chain and began to climb, glancing over her shoulder at the approaching beasts. The creatures had split up, the acklay approaching Obi-Wan, the reek approaching Anakin, and the nexu approaching Padme.

Padme summited the pillar and coiled the wrist end of the chain in her hands. Now she had a weapon. The nexu wasted no time in attempting to climb after Padme, its sharp claws making the climb much easier for it than it was for her. But Padme made the it difficult for the creature in other ways, namely by swinging the heavy chain directly at its face. The nexu snarled as the chain made contact with its face, and it slashed at Padme’s back with its deadly claws.

Padme yelled out in pain as the claws cut into her back, but the cuts were shallow. The nexu had overextended itself in trying to reach her and it slipped to the ground. The catlike creature landed on its feet and glared hungrily at the senator. It started to climb the stone pillar once again, and Padme had an idea.

She braced herself and jumped off the column, using the chain to swing her entire body weight into a kick at the climbing creature. The kick connected, and the nexu was sent sprawling to the ground. The maneuver had left Padme dangling from the chain that was still connected at her wrist, and she used it to climb back to the top of the pillar. She stared down at the creature on the ground, which looked disoriented from its fall. Lifting her gaze farther, Padme saw how Anakin and Obi-Wan were faring against their own beasts.

Both Jedi had broken free of their chains, but were still handcuffed. Anakin had mounted the reek, using his chain as an improvised rein to control the beast. Obi-Wan was fighting the acklay on foot, stabbing at it with a spear Padme guessed he had stolen from a dead Geonosian on the ground near him. Padme started to pick her other handcuff, hoping to have both hands free so she could escape.

As soon as her hand was free, she looked down at the nexu. It had backed away from the pillar, glaring up at her and looking like it was about to pounce. Just before it could, the reek Anakin was riding barreled into its side with its horns, taking it out of commission. Anakin called out to Padme.

“Jump!”

Padme hesitated for only the briefest of moments despite the long fall. She jumped, and though Anakin didn’t move his hands Padme felt an invisible force slowing her fall. She still landed hard on the reek’s back, but was unharmed. She gave Anakin a very grateful kiss on the cheek.

“Hyah!” Anakin urged the Reek forward, turning towards Obi-Wan. Obi-Wan had just thrown his spear at the acklay, catching it in the shoulder. As it turned its head to remove the spear Obi-Wan ran to meet Anakin. He jumped on the back of the reek behind Padme, and Anakin urged the reek away.

Anakin directed the reek towards one of the open tunnels only to see seven destroyer droids roll up to surround them. Fourteen twin blasters aimed at the three of them, and there was nowhere to run. Anakin stopped, looking at the droids for openings. Padme searched too, and looked up at the balcony where the Separatist leaders were spectating. What she saw shocked her; a purple blade of light had sparked into existence on the balcony. All around the arena, blue and green beams sprang into existence as beings emerged from the crowd, lightsabers in hand. The Jedi had arrived to rescue them.

***

Jedi jumped into the arena, and battle droids poured out of the tunnels to meet them. The world was a blur of multicolored lasers as droids fired into the crowd of Jedi and lightsabers batted the bolts away. A Jedi threw Anakin and Obi-Wan new lightsabers and Anakin used his to free the pair from the handcuffs. The arena became a swarm of Jedi and droids as the droids advanced, an endless wave of death machines.

A blast from a cannon threw the reek off-balance, throwing Anakin, Obi-Wan and Padme to the ground. Padme saw a droid blaster close by and crawled to pick it up. She settled into a low crouch to avoid the blaster fire while she opened fire at the ever advancing wave of droids. A chariot like the one she and Anakin had been transported in was racing through the throng of combatants, and Padme took aim at the Geonosian drivers.

She shot both in quick succession then jumped on the creature pulling the cart. The chariot would make her a moving target, which was the safest thing she could do given the complete lack of cover on the battlefield. Anakin jumped onto the chariot to guard her back and they raced through the arena like that, destroying droids by the dozen.

After a few moments of fighting like that, the creature drawing the chariot was shot. Padme was thrown forward by her momentum and the chariot fell onto its side. As Padme scrambled to her feet she realized that the cart actually provided decent cover on its side like that and she ducked into it. Anakin stood on her left, deflecting laser bolts as Padme continued to gun down droids and Geonosian warriors from the cover of the chariot.

“You call this a diplomatic solution?” Anakin bantered as he aimed a bolt into a droid’s torso.

“No, I call it aggressive negotiations,” Padme replied cheekily.

The brief moment of levity quickly passed as the waves of battle droids continued to press on them. All around them combatants were being overwhelmed, and Padme saw Jedi dying one after another. Anakin and Padme were forced to abandon their cover as the droids advanced, the pair backing away from the endless wall of enemies. They were forced into a circle of surviving Jedi until they were completely surrounded.

Almost as soon as Padme was certain that the Jedi would lose, the droids suddenly stopped firing. The peaceful senator surveyed the battlefield and felt a pit in her stomach as she took in the Jedi and Geonosian corpses that littered the ground. It was such a waste.

Now that the battle had ceased Padme’s adrenaline began to wane. As it did, she realized that her bladder was once again full. Padme had no real idea of how much time had passed since landing on Geonosis, but she knew it had to have been several hours since she had wet herself in the droid factory.

“Master Windu!” she heard Count Dooku calling from his balcony.

“You have fought gallantly. Worthy of recognition in the history archives of the Jedi Order. Now it is finished.”

Jedi stragglers who had not been forced into the circle by the battle were now being guided into the group at blasterpoint by Geonosians. Her bladder, unnoticed mere minutes ago, was now aggressively nagging her. Padme banished the thought from her head, choosing instead to glare up at Dooku.

“Surrender - and your lives will be spared,” Dooku demanded.

“We will not be hostages for you to barter with, Dooku,” Mace Windu declared.

“Then, I'm sorry, old friend,” Count Dooku said. Padme wondered if it was at all sincere. The droid army once again took aim at the circle of Jedi. Anakin shifted his stance beside her to hold his lightsaber over his head, clearly intent on fighting to the bitter end.

At that moment, Padme heard a distant roar of engines. She looked up and saw a squadron of gunships racing towards the arena.

“Look!” she exclaimed.

The ships descended and blasted the front ranks of droid army apart. The droids’ targeting parameters changed, and their fire was split between the group of Jedi on the ground and the sudden swarm of gunships that had appeared. Padme returned fire on the droids while the Jedi around her created a weaving web of light that no shot could pass. The Republic crafts landed in a perimeter around the group, and Padme saw ranks of white-armored soldiers firing on the droids from within.

Anakin, Obi-Wan and Padme boarded one of the gunships which swiftly took flight. Padme looked around at the Republic Army invading Geonosis and felt a silent fury welling within her. The situation had changed, she had to acknowledge that. Count Dooku was clearly intent on war with the Republic. An army was now undeniably necessary. But where had it come from? Barely a week ago Padme had been on Coruscant to vote against the creation of an army that had clearly already been created. Was all her work in the Senate for nothing? Was war a forgone conclusion, such an ironclad certainty that the vote would have been mere lip service?

A powerful twinge from her bladder shook Padme from her thoughts. There would be time for answers later. For now, if she didn’t get to a toilet soon she might end up having two accidents in the same day.

“Trooper. Is there a refresher on board?” She asked one of the white armored soldiers.

“No ma’am,” he said. His voice shocked Padme; he sounded exactly like Jango Fett.

“We can take you to the Forward Operation Base if you’d like,” another trooper offered. This too shook Padme… his voice was also Fett’s.

“No.” Obi-Wan said sharply. “We need to prevent as many Separatist ships from leaving the planet as we can. Their forces are gathered here. Any ship that makes it to hyperspace will launch a full scale invasion of Republic planets.”

“I agree. We can’t afford to waste any time,” Padme said.

Her bladder ached at her own words, but she ignored it. She didn’t want to wet herself again, but given the condition of her pants already it was just about the farthest thing down her list of concerns. The grounded Techno Union ships were coming into view far in front of the gunship.

“Aim right above the fuel cells!” Anakin ordered the pilot.

The pilot did as instructed, and the ship’s engines blasted apart.

“Good call my young padawan,” Obi-Wan said. He then saw Padme’s expression as she looked at all the soldiers. They were the same height, same build, same voice…

Obi-Wan explained “The army consists of clones of that bounty hunter Jango Fett. The Kaminoans have been growing them for ten years without the knowledge of the Council or the Senate.”

“Who ordered them? Who paid for them?” Padme demanded.

“A Jedi Master named-“ Obi-Wan was cut off by an explosion as a gunship left of them was shot down. They silently agreed that the there would be time for questions later.

The battle continued to rage on, and Padme’s bladder continued to cry for relief. Their ship circled the battlefield searching for the Separatist leaders, but Dooku in particular. If they could manage to capture him, they might be able to force him to surrender the droid army before it has a chance to invade the Republic.

“Look over there!” Obi-Wan pointed at a speeding hoverbike flanked by two Geonosian fighters.

Anakin glared at the bike for a moment. “It’s Dooku. Shoot him down!” Padme couldn’t make out the figure on the bike, but trusted Anakin’s intuition.

“We’re out of rockets sir,” the pilot said.

“Follow him!” Anakin replied.

“We're gonna need some help!” Padme said, recalling the duel on Naboo that had cost Qui-Gon his life. Her bladder twinged forcefully at the thought, and Padme barely managed to suppress a leak.

“There isn't time! Anakin and I can handle this!” Obi-Wan countered.

The two fighters flanking Dooku’s speeder broke off to get behind the Republic ship and open fire. The clone pilot descended to skim the ground, attempting to use the dunes for cover. One blast found its mark anyway, shaking the ship so violently that Padme and a clone trooper were thrown out onto the mercifully close sand. She tumbled down the hill, rolling front to back until she came to a stop face up at the bottom of the dune.

Padme struggled to breathe, let alone stand up. She felt warmth between her legs and realized that she was peeing herself again. The yellow stained fabric of her pants grew translucent as Padme wet them, the stain spreading across her ass this time. She didn’t even care to stop; just trying to stand back up hurt. Urine streamed off her legs into the sand where it pooled for only a few moments before seeping into the ground. Her pee stream tapered off after a few agonizing seconds, leaving her feeling utterly defeated.

The clone that had fallen out of the ship with her was now approaching.

“Are you alright?” he asked, ignoring her fresh accident.

“Uh-huh,” was all Padme could muster in response. She slowly got to her feet, wincing at the feeling of wet fabric rubbing against her skin.

“We'd better get back to the forward command centre,” the clone said.

“No,” Padme replied immediately. “No. Gather what troops you can. We've got to get to that hangar. Get a transport. Hurry!”

“Right away!” The clone answered. He rushed up to the top of the dune to get a clear signal, Padme on his heels.

At the apex of the dune, the clone brought his arm to his face and pressed a button on his bracer.

“This is CT-8347 on emergency frequency, does anyone read? I’m stranded with Senator Amidala and in need of immediate evac, does anyone read?”

“Republic Acclamator Liberator reads you Lima Cresh, what is your location?” a voice from the communicator responded.

“Coordinates are 16052002. We were following prime target Count Dooku when our LA-AT took a hit and the senator and I were thrown off. Requesting reinforcements to assist in neutralizing Dooku.”

Padme waited with bated breath. Anakin was in danger, every moment they delayed could be the difference between life and death.

“Copy 8347. Reinforcements are en route to your location. Stay put and we can lock onto your signal.”

Padme finally breathed a sigh of relief. She looked down and took in the wet stains on her outfit. Her top was torn from the Nexu attack, making it almost a crop top. Her pants were still very wet from her most recent wetting, and much of the dry portion was stained pale yellow from her factory accident.

It wasn’t long before Padme heard the roar of approaching engines. The senator stood next to the trooper as the gunship landed. She boarded immediately and directed the pilot toward Dooku’s hangar. As it came into view, she saw the wreckage of an exploded LA-AT on the ground.

“Hurry!” Padme urged the pilot. He came to a stop on the extended ramp and Padme disembarked with the clones. She saw an elegant ship exiting the hangar and knew it must be Dooku’s. She and the clones opened fire, but it was too little too late. Dooku had escaped. She looked into the large hangar and saw rubble littering the floor. A pillar had been knocked off its foundation and landed just behind-

“Anakin!” Padme exclaimed, running to meet him.

Her heart soared with joy as she saw him getting to his feet, then stopped in her chest. His right arm had been severed just below the elbow. She embraced him without reservation, not caring about Obi-Wan and Yoda’s presence. He was alright. And they could be together… whether the Jedi approved or not.

This art is part of my inspiration for this chapter, although I wrote it a little differently.

$/43374-star-wars-omo/
