Kacey's journey in peeing

Author: Joey1234

*000*2019-07-25 19:20

This is a spin-off of my other friend pee holding camp and it is about one of the girls in the group kacey before she arrived at the camp it will have some wetting but mostly just kacey finding creative places to pee hope u enjoy

*001*2019-07-25 19:47

Part 1

It was early on a Saturday morning and it was the light shining through the window that woke six year old kacey up from her bed she sat up and looked around whilst rubbing her eyes before climbing out of bed to see her mother and sister she wanted to know if her sister was still home as she wanted to say goodbye before she went to a place called pee holding camp as she knew her bus would be here soon not like she knew the time she just knew.

She got down the stairs to see her mother saying goodbye to her older sister Samantha and before she left kacey ran over and hugged her before saying "enjoy camp Samantha" kacey stood by her mom as her sister got on the bus and watch it drive off. kacey's mum looked down at her youngest daughter and said "let's go get u some breakfast and then let's go down to the park. kacey was exited as she loved going to the park and she hurried back inside with her mom to get her breakfast.

For her breakfast she had a bowl of cereal and two glasses of orange juice probably since it was so hot today and after showering and dressing kacey and her mum were getting their shoes on and getting ready to go out kacey thought about going to the toilet like her mom had done bit didn't bother as she didnt have to go and the park had a toilet anyway.

On the the way down to the park kacey started to feel a light tingle in her abdomen and she knew what this was bit she just ignored as it was still very small.

When kacey and her mother arrived at the park she saw that her friend Terry from school was there with her mom and the two girls ran off to play in the park whilst the mother's found a bench and chatted. I the time kacey and Terry spent playing kacey's urge to pee was increasing faster than normal and she had to stop to do a small potty dance every few minutes which Terry didn't notice.

After a while of the girls playing Terry had to go home with her mom and kacey decided to sit with her mom as her urge to pee had made it harder to run around. after sitting with her mom for a bit she decided she should come clean "mommy I need to pee badly " her mom looked shocked and said " come on we'll find you a toilet " her mom grabbed kacey's hand and the two ran over to the toilet with kacey keepi.g one hand over her pee hole when the two got to the toilet they saw a sign saying "out of order sorry for the inconvenience " kacey looked scared as she lost a bit of pee from her under developed holding muscles " mommy what are we gonna do I just dribbled in my pants " her mom frantically looked around and saw a bush with no one around on a hill.

Her mom dragged her up the hill and explained to her that she was to pee here "mommy how do I do that it's not a toilet" kacey's mom then showed her how to properly squat to pee she was surprised when she got the position right first time kacey asked "do I just go pee now" her mother nodded and told her to relax she did this and a small stream left her pee hole as her mother kept watch to make sure no one saw. kacey kept on peeing for 30 seconds until it stopped and she was given some tissues to wipe with. When kacey and her mother were away from her puddle her mother said "ok kacey peeing outside is something you should only do as a last resort and even then u shouldn't let someone see u as u will get into trouble now promise me you'll remember what I said" kacey nodded "good now let's go get some lunch"

Next part will have more detailed desperation and if u haven't rake a read of my other fan fiction series pee holding camp part w is rubbish but I like to think I improved on the rest

*002*2019-07-26 18:20

Part 2

It was now three years after kacey had pee d beck d a bush at her mother's request but it had been something that kacey had not forgotten it turns out thathas enjoyed enjoyed peeing outside of a toilet though she couldn't explain why she just enjoyed it and today she would see someone else go through what she went through that day.

It was now lunch hour at a no e year old kacey's school and her friend Terry and her were outside waiting for it to be there turn to have lunch. out of no where Terry fell over and got dirt all over her hands and she suddenly was dragging kacey to the bathroom with her to wash her hands.

When the girls got inside the building the bathroom monitors told them to sign in to use the bathroom as the school had just introduced a policy saying u could only go to the toilet once per break and once per lunch which was a stupid rule that everyone hated but the school wouldn't get rid of it. funny enough it wasn't thelittleids who suffered due to this rule since they went to lunch year by year it was the people who would pee right when they got put go and have lunch and then they would have to see again.

When the girls went to the bathroom kacey decided to pee while they were there as she wouldn't get to go again anyway but Terry just washed her hands and left kacey spoke up before they left and said "Terry shouldn't u go to the toilet before we leave we wont get back in anyway " she just said she didn't have to go and then walked back outside and by then it was her years turn to go have lunch.

After lunch the girls went back outside to play with the rest of their friends. lunch today was nice as the students are given more water and juice since it was so hot outside and the school food was actually quite nice.

When the girls were outside Terry was digging around bit more than usual and she had to stop more when the girls were running around eventually she just sat down on the bench where kacey sat with her knowing what was wrong.

Kacey said to her "you'd better go to the toilet " Terry nodded and ran off. she came back soon not looking any better she sat back down and told kacey they wouldn't let her in cause she's already been in even after she told them she was bursting. once she said this she dug her hands in her skirt as a strong wave of desperation hit her and kacey looked panic not wanting her friend to wet herself she then thoughts to when she had to pee in a bush when she was six. she turned to Terry and said "Terry have you ever pee d outside " she responded with "yeah on a camping trip Why"

She paused realising what she wanted her to do "I'm not doing that here I'll get in trouble" kacey then said "I'll make sure no one sees you" she then pointed out a place where she could pee and no one would see it was an area round the back of the school where no one went but they weren't forbidden to go but no one went back there anyway. reluctantly Terry agreed and the two ran back there making sure no one saw them.

When they got there kacey asked her if she remembered what to do and she said yes and told her to keep watch she poked her head round the corner to make sure no one followed them and gave her the all clear she was told not to watch but couldn't help but watch her friend hike her skirt up and lower her panties just to make sure she was doing it right but turned away when she started to squat to the ground she heard a sigh from Terry and then heard a small stream exit her pee hole and splatter onto the concrete as she made sure no one was coming over as Terry continued to release her trapped uri e onto the ground it took at least 45 seconds for her stream to end which was way longer than usual even when she was desperate. once she was done she asked kacey if she wanted to go cause she didn't need and she would go during class oh if she only knew how hard it would be.

Back in class about an hour later the water she had drank all day was starting to get to her and she was starting to shift around in her seat but she wanted to wait till the end of the day before peeing as she normally did. during this her friend noticed her dilemma and said "ask the teacher if you can pee" as much as she hated peeing during class she decided she should as while she was listening to Terry she dribbled a bit in her pants. she raised her hand and asked her teacher if she could pee and to her surprise she was allowed to go.

She ran out of the classroom and when she wasoutshe dug her hands in her crotch and ran to the nearest toilet only to see it was out of order and she knew there was no way she would make it to the other girls toilet on the otherside of the school so out of desperation she saw a nearby plant that was shallow and would not owerflow if she pee d in it so she quickly stood over it raised her skirt and moved her underwear to the side and pee'd all over the plant with a sigh of relief as she stared at the ceiling whilst she was watering the plant with her piss which went on for 1 minute before stopping luckily no one saw her and she quickly made her way back to class

*003*2019-07-26 20:14

Part 3

Another 3 years have passed since she had to pee in plant outside her school bathroom and she is now twelve but still prone to moments of desperation and has had many close calls where she made it to bathroom and some where we had to find "other places to relieve herself.

Kacey was sitting at lunch with her friend Terry and new friends Sarah they were all sitting around a table with kacey on her 2nd cup of coffee which she had become prone to drinking at the start of the year. her friend Sarah said to her "kacey u might wanna cool it on the coffee you'll have pee bursting out of you before u know it" it was true that coffee typically went right through her so she decided to finish on her second as many a time she had found herself desperate to pee after too much coffee and she didn't want a repeat. once the girls had finished eating they headed for the library but not before kacey had grabbed a bottle of water from the cafeteria Sarah looks at her in disapproval and she just relied with "it's not coffee"

The three girls went over to the library where the three girls proceeded to chat and listen to music while kacey gulped her water. before they knew it lunch was over and kacey had no time to go to the toilet as she always did during lunch and with her next class teacher being really strict for lateness she heads to her English class.

About a quarter of the way through class the liquid in kacey's system was starting to make itself known but kacey payed no mind to it in fact she pulled another bottle of water from her bag and began drinking that as she always found it too hot in that particular classroom even in the winter. By the 3 quarter mark of the class the water was done and the liquid in her system was starting to become a problem. kacey thought to herself "Sarah was right shouldn't have drank so much" and it wasn't helping her that more liquid was going to be going down there soon so she just put the empty water bottle in her bag and went on with the class.

When the class concluded kacey knew she wouldn't have time to go to the toilet as it was at the other end of the school so she decided to just suck it out and till after that class. slowly she trudged down to her final class of the day ashamed of herself for not finding time to pee. the last class felt like it went on forever with kacey constantly having to cross uncross her legs her bladder was becoming a problem and it was only getting worse and by the end she snuck a hand in her crotch to help with the pressure. it felt like forever but the bell finally went and the was excused and kacey headed straight for the bathroom whilst having to run with her legs together and when she got there she saw about 20 girls in front of her she knew it she were to wait she would miss her bus do she decided she would have to wait till she got home slowly she walked to the bus trying desperately not to leak.

When she got in her it was as always quite empty and as usual she saw Sarah at the back and she took her seat next to her. whilst she was waiting to get to her stop. Sarah noticed all the squirming and said "kacey you need to pee don't you" she lolmd at Sarah and nodded "what did I tell you about drinking all that coffee" kacey could only hang her head in shame before a decent sized spurt escaped her tired holding muscles and she yelped Sarah knew what this was and looked panicked as more spurts escaped kacey's pee hole as she increased her grip tenfold before Sarah through out a suggestion "just pee on the bus no one will see it" kacey agreed to this quicker than Sarah expected and slowly lifted her skirt and moving her wet pants to the side.

She looked up to make sure no one was looking and released small test trickle to see if anyone could hear. When it became clear no n heard her she released stream of pee from her bladder and looked on as it puddles to the floor with Sarah Staring out the window. pee continued to flow out of kacey until 1 and a half minutes after it started though she wasn't peeing full force. kacey inspected the damage done to her underwear and realised she would have to change them when she was home she told kacey she was done and the two decided to move when kacey got off the bus she was still feeling the naightiness feeling she felt any other time she pee d away from a toilet in fact she was considering making it a regular thing

*004*2019-08-13 20:15

Part 4

Kacey is now a 15 yr old and she still enjoys her habit of peeing away from the toilet in fact she does it more reguarly as she would often drink large glasses of water in her room only to hold it in for as long as she could and then eventually release her pee into several 500ml bottles. but they were still times when she did out of desperation like this time.

Kacey was sat in her class with a distressed look on her face normally she would be fine in this class as she found it easy but her problem here was about academic. the problem was that she was bursting for a piss as she didn't have the time to go before she left the house and she had had her usual cups of coffee before leaving and during and it was only the first lesson after break meaning she wouldn't be allowed to go until the next period as her school di not allow bathroom breaks in the first lessons after break and lunch and she had been shifting around in her seat trying to hold back the flow and it was becoming increasingly difficult. while kacey was trying to focus on working the bell with the surprise nearly causing her to leak. luckily she was able to stop herself and even better her next class was pe which was separated from the rest of the school so she would be able to run over there without dealing with any queues in the toilet.

She was able to get a head of everyone else on the way to the pe department and once she was in she headed straight for the toilet when she saw them at the end of the hall she nearly cried tears of joy until she saw the sign on the door "out of order" kacey nearly cried as that was the only toilet for students in the department she was about to head for the changing room when she saw her classmate Molly running down the corridor with her legs pressed together she got to the toilet a look of shock appeared on her face "shit it's locked " she cried as she jammed her hands in her crotch and bent over kacey with empathy as she too was bursting she figured Molly couldn't hold a lot of pee as she was a petite girl and the look on her face suggested she couldn't hold on that much longer kacey looked at her and said "it's alright we'll both make it"

Molly looked at her with hope as both girls shuffled along to their changing room. When they got their only went away from from everyone else to get changed this was unusual as she did not often do this kacey followed her to the back and when she saw her Molly was reluctant to remove her skirt but when kacey asked why she reluctantly answered "I kinda leaked in my pants a little" kacey promised not to tell anyone and the two then got changed for pe in fact whilst changing kacey actually lost a small spurt of pee in her panties as both girls saw a small wet patch appear on her pants.

When both girls got changed they headed out to the soccer field as that is where they did rounders which they were doing today while they were walking over there with there class Molly dropped back behind everyone and duh both hands in her crotch whilst doubled over. kacey walked over to her and asked what was wrong "kacey I can't hold it anymore " she cried after she said this kacey felt her own bladder spasm which in turn caused her to double over in desperation. both girls were panicked as they knew they weren't going to make it long before peeing themselves kacey thinking fast saw a group of trees in the distance out of sight of everyone else kacey told Molly to follow her as both girls ran over there with one hand in their crotches.

When the girls got their Molly realised what kacey wanted her to do and she didn't like the sound of it "kacey I can't pee here we'll get in trouble kacey replied with "they won't find us and it looks like it's pee here or pee in you're pants and I'm letting you go first Molly continued to debate but another bladder spasm and leakage changed her mind as she ordered kacey to stand guard and she agreed but told her to hurry whilst throwing her some on hand tissues to wipe with. kacey disappeared out of the bushes and Molly slowly leaned her back against a tree to assist in her squat before lowering her leggings and underwear revealing her slightly damp pink panties.

When she got into the position she found it hard to let go as she rarely did this. while she was trying to release her trapped urine she heard kacey shout to her "are you done yet I've got gallons to empty aswell" before she could reply a strong clear stream erupted from her urethra and splattered onto the dirt forming a puddle as she sighed in relief kacey could hear the sound of her peeing and it was not helping her own need as she was digging her hands in her crotch and doing an intense potty dance in an effort to not wet herself before she finished. back behind the bushes Molly's stream of pee was still going strong as she herself was wondering when it would end.

Eventually her stream cut off and she then immediately started quickly wiping as she didn't want to keep kacey waiting when she got out the Bush kacey nearly knocked her over when she rushed in luckily since she did it so often she was able to quickly removed her leggings and panties and got into a squat. When she did a stream even stronger than Molly's flew out of her and could be heard clearly by Molly on the outside along with kacey's puffing and panting with the addition of kacey's pee Molly's puddle was growing even bigger and nearly made it out of the Bush area luckily the girls weren't caught and they were able to make it back to class with no one noticing

The end

Feed back would be nice

