Oh, Britta’s in This? (A Community fanfic)

Author: JamesK

*000*2024-02-02 12:23

The show Community began airing in 2009, and had several episodes that were homages to different parts of pop culture. The episode this fanfic takes place in (season 3 episode 20) was an homage to video games in general. There are eight characters in this episode and I don’t want to write that many physical descriptions, so I’ll save everyone some time and just list the episode’s actual cast.

Britta Perry: Gillian Jacobs

Pierce Hawthorne: Chevy Chase

Gilbert Lawson: Giancarlo Esposito

Jeff Winger: Joel McHale

Troy Barnes: Donald Glover

Annie Edison: Alison Brie

Abed Nadir: Danny Pudi

Shirley Bennet: Yvette Nicole Brown.

Britta didn’t know what to expect as she and her friends arrived at the location provided by Pierce. She had dressed simply today, a long sleeve black v-neck and dark blue jeans. She wore comfy converse and light blue bra and panties. Pierce had said he had some family business to attend to that he needed the study group’s help with, and so she came along with the rest of group. Pierce’s father, Cornelius Hawthorne, had been a terrible person, and Pierce’s mother had introduced him to a religion that was more akin to a pyramid scheme. So any “ family business” was bound to be weird and somewhat disturbing. But the study group had agreed to help anyway.

Greendale’s most notorious study group had been invited to an odd warehouse by the executor of Cornelius Hawthorne’s will. The premise, as explained by Mr. Hawthorne’s assistant Gilbert, was simple; they were to play a video game of Cornelius Hawthorne’s own design. The study group took their seats and the game scanned each player’s likeness to create their avatar. Britta didn’t play video games often, but was familiar enough with how they worked. In any case, she would do anything to help her friends; even Pierce.

After clearing the first room of enemies, the study group came across a floating head designed to imitate Cornelius.

It welcomed the group to the game, and informed them that the stakes were higher than any of them expected: the winner would take all of Hawthorne’s estate.

Britta was shocked by this. She had known Pierce’s father to be a horrible person, yet she thought he had still harbored at least some affection for his own son. The others around her exhibited similar feelings of shock, and Pierce began to panic.

“Well, great. How do I fight you guys? Which button fights?” Pierce’s avatar ran around the screen trying to fight the rest of the group.

“Pierce, stay in the game, stay in the game,” Abed said.

“Pierce, calm down. Nobody's gonna fight you,” Jeff assured him.

“Why not?” Pierce demanded.

“Because when you're friends with someone for three years, it's weird to steal their family's money,” Troy said firmly.

“And there wouldn't be a lot of sport in beating you. Look at yourself,” Abed added.

“You're playing the game wrong.”

Everyone jumped. Gilbert had just appeared, now playing the game as well.

“You're not supposed to cooperate, you're supposed to compete.”

“Thanks for the advice, but I think we can choose how we want to play.” Jeff retorted.

“I suppose we can,” Gilbert said ominously. He opened his inventory and began to scroll.

“Whoa. We can pick stuff up?” Troy asked in surprise.

“This game is more complex than you can imagine. And aside from its programmers, who have all been deported back to China, I'm the one who knows how it works.” With that statement, Gilbert quickly and effectively killed the entire party- except for Pierce, who he buried alive.

“Hey, look, buddy, I know it must have sucked being Colonel Sanders' manservant and all, but Pierce is technically our friend, and we're not gonna watch you screw him over,” Jeff said angrily while waiting to respawn.

“Perhaps you should be asking yourselves how you intend to stop me,” Gilbert taunted.

“How about if we come over there and kick your ass? Go get him, Troy.” Pierce said.

“Be my guest. But 30 seconds after you leave your chairs, the weight sensors will recognize it as an automatic forfeit.”

“Weight sensors?!” Shirley and Jeff exclaimed together. Britta was just as concerned about the weight sensors, but for different reasons. She had not visited a bathroom in a few hours and she already needed to pee a little bit. Maybe a six on a scale of ten. Britta had been intending to visit the bathroom upon arrival, but they had instead immediately started the game. She hadn’t even considered that they might not be able to take breaks after they began. Britta then mentally scolded herself for just thinking about her own needs when Pierce’s inheritance was on the line.

Jeff rallied the troops to go back and fight Gilbert in the game, and she gladly joined the charge. When they had returned to the spot where Gilbert had beaten them however, they found no sign of him but a note.

Abed read aloud, “After you've squandered the last of your savings, I'll watch you writhe, penniless in the gutter, through a telescope in the penthouse office of Hawthorne Tower."

He paused, then said with complete sincerity “You can leave notes. This game is incredible.”

Pierce’s avatar began to walk back in the direction they came from.

“Pierce?” Shirley asked, worried about his sudden silence.

He started burying himself alive next to where Gilbert had done so. Everyone voiced their support for him and Britta opened the hole he made and jumped down next to him.

She tried to encourage him. “Pierce, so Gilbert knows a couple tricks. Big deal. We outnumber him. And most importantly, while he's fighting for greed, we're fighting for friendship, which means we can't lose, okay?”

“Okay,” Pierce said, sounding slightly more hopeful.

“Okay!” Britta then tried to hug Pierce, which turned out to be impossible because there is no hug button in this game. She did succeed in killing him a second time and sending him all the way back to spawn.

“I guess there's no hug button…” Britta said sheepishly.

The group then proceeded to advance through the game, eventually coming across a town. Abed asked the first NPC they saw how to beat the game, and she told him they would have to recover a white crystal and bring it to Castle Hawkthorne. Abed continued asking the NPC questions while the rest of the group split up to find supplies and experience points. Troy went with Pierce into the tavern, Annie and Shirley went to the blacksmith’s, and Jeff and Britta went into a mansion.

“Check the desk. I'll check the dresser,” Jeff said after a quick glance around the room. Britta saw a crooked painting on the wall and walked over to it.

“How do I straighten that painting?” She asked.

“You can't. Stop playing like a girl,”

Britta ignored Jeff’s remark, and then found a prompt labeled STRAIGHTEN MASTERPIECE. She hit the button and it revealed a secret room.

“Stop playing like a girl?” Britta said smugly.

“Here's the thing about women, Jeff. We don't hack and slash our way through life, because we're one with life.”

Unbeknownst to her, Annie and Shirley were at that same moment murdering the blacksmith and his wife for supplies.

The room Britta and Jeff found themselves in was full of odd ingredients and a cauldron. Britta started grabbing random ingredients.

“Ooh, let’s see, I’ll put all of this in here, and then that, and then I’ll hit this,” she said, pressing a button and producing a bottle full of red liquid. She winced slightly at the sight of a bottle full of fluids as it reminded her of her growing need to relieve herself, now at about a 7/10.

“What is it?” Jeff asked.

“I assume, like, a strength potion.”

“Then I assume it's poison,” he quipped. Jeff and Britta continued bickering as they exited the mansion to find Gilbert fighting the rest of the study group.

“Oh, great! Gilbert!” Jeff exclaimed. Gilbert turned around and shot lightning at Jeff from his fingers.

“Oh, great! Evil Jedi lightning Gilbert!”

Jeff got knocked down, then saw Britta on the street and shouted,

“Britta, drink that super strength potion you made!”

Britta panicked, trying to quickly scroll through her inventory while Gilbert chased her, distracted all the while by the still mounting pressure in her bladder. Just before she could drink the potion, Gilbert killed her and took it from her.

“Damn it, I thought we could count on Britta to not screw up drinking,” Jeff said.

“This'll be fun,” Gilbert said with an evil laugh as he drank the potion he had stolen.

His avatar started to pulse ominously.

“What the hell?” He said, confused by the effect of the potion.

“Here's hoping we can count on her to screw up making potions,” Jeff said triumphantly.

Gilbert continued to pulse and started to flash red, then he melted into a pile of bones, dead. The group celebrated and set to work gathering more materials, as Gilbert was sure to respawn soon.

Meanwhile, Britta had respawned and seen nothing of Gilbert’s defeat. All she saw was that she now had to run all the way back to the village to catch up with the others, and she was growing more desperate every second with no relief in sight. She crossed her legs tightly, and began the trek back to the group. By the time she had returned to the others, she was only using one hand on the controls, the other pressed deeply into her lap in an effort to slightly alleviate some of her discomfort. She was now at a definite 8/10 and every setback postponed the moment she could find relief.

Britta saw that the rest of the group were all prepared to advance to the next stage of the game. She squirmed in her seat, rubbing her legs together and crossing them one over the other. She had to ask.

“Guys, do you think there’s any way Gilbert would agree for us to take a break? I really have to pee.”

The group groaned collectively.

“Really Britta? Right now?” Troy asked.

“There’s no way Gilbert would agree to a break. He’s been preparing for this for years, he’s not going to give up any advantages he has,” Annie said.

“The weight sensors probably can’t be turned off at all. They even used it to make our avatars,” Abed added.

“Damn it Britta, just get your head in the game and power through. Gilbert already has a major advantage, we can’t let him win,” Jeff said.

“Alright, fine. forget I said anything. Let’s just play this stupid game and win this stupid inheritance,” Britta conceded.

Abed stayed in the village with the blacksmith’s daughter, and the rest of the group moved on. Troy, as the most experienced in gaming, cleared through the levels and led the rest of the group onward. Britta held her own reasonably well even with her bladder full to bursting. The group slowly progressed, making it all the way to the castle that was their objective. Where they found Gilbert once again waiting for them.

“You again?” Annie asked with hostility.

“Now I’ll have that crystal,” said Gilbert threateningly.

“I think you'll have this!” Annie shouted as she shot lightning at Gilbert. Her aim was off though, and she hit Britta instead, instantly killing her. Britta jumped in her seat, the surprise shaking her concentration long enough for a two second spurt of urine to slip out. She seriously contemplated forfeiting the game now and letting her friends finish it themselves. After all, they were right at the end. There’s no way Gilbert could kill all of them. Seconds later, Gilbert had killed all of them.

Jeff hopped out of his chair and stormed to where Gilbert was sitting.

“What the hell, Gilbert? You're cheating, which I have no problem with, but you're getting caught, and that's not cool!”

Pierce joined Jeff where he stood, and said

“Yeah, don't be a knob. That inheritance is rightfully mine!”

“Rightfully?” Gilbert almost whispered the word.

“I'm his son.”

“So am I,” Gilbert said, annunciating every word.

“Do you remember your childhood nanny, Etta? Well, Etta had a hot cousin. My mother.” Britta gasped, in equal parts shock at Gilbert’s words and because she let out another, even longer spurt. Her panties felt wet beneath her, and when her hand shot to her jeans she felt the warm wetness on her fingers. She managed to stem the flow and return her attention to Gilbert’s speech.

“So you see, Pierce, I am your half-brother, and I am more your father's son than you ever were, so shut up and play the game.”

A voice was coming from Jeff’s and Pierce’s consoles, counting down to the moment they would be disqualified for leaving their seats. They sat back down, and everyone respawned at the beginning of the game.

Jeff looked around the spawn point at the group and said, “Okay, look, I know things seem hopeless because he's all the way to the castle with the crystal and we're starting over, but here's the thing... we're better at this game now. We've died and been reborn, and that makes us heroes!” The group rallied at those words and charged out of the room, only to immediately get killed by the enemies at spawn.

At that moment, Britta’s resolve gave out. She felt numb, and then she felt warm. Very warm. Urine was steadily streaming out of her, soaking through her panties and saturating her jeans. Britta jammed her hands between her legs and squeezed her thighs together in a last ditch effort to regain control, but all that accomplished was wetting her hands and spreading a wide stain across the front of her pants as the pee covered her legs. A pale yellow stream pooled in her chair, spreading simultaneously up the back of her jeans to her waistband and dripping to the floor in loud drops. The pee that wasn’t dripping onto the floor was streaming down her legs, pooling in her converse shoes. The noise alerted the rest of the group, who instantly realized what was happening.

“Britta!” Shirley gasped, shocked.

“Are you seriously peeing your pants?” Annie asked, sounding incredulous.

Jeff for once seemed at a loss for words.

Britta simply sat in wet silence as pee continued to pour out of her, finally tapering off after an agonizing minute. No one spoke for a moment, then Jeff said “Nobody blames you Britta. We should blame Gilbert.”

“What?” Britta had expected the group to make fun of her. They always made fun of each other, but she and Pierce were usually the ones who took the brunt of the teasing m. Maybe it was because the stakes were so high, or maybe Jeff was simply more sympathetic to her accident than she’d expected.

“Yeah, what else could you have done? The only way you could have avoided this would have been to get up and forfeit the game, giving Gilbert all the more advantages while he tries to screw over our friend. So no. You should not be ashamed. Your wet pants will be a symbol of your love for your friends, and a mark of how far you’re willing to help them. Now let’s go win Pierce’s inheritance!”

The group had been slightly rejuvenated by Jeff’s speech, and charged forward again in a race to beat Gilbert. The mood was still grim though. He had a huge head start on them, and none of them had any idea how to beat him.

“I guess the fact that we're still playing means he hasn't won yet,” Annie said hopefully.

“Yeah, but what's the point? He'll just keep cheating until he wins,” Pierce said.

Britta’s wet jeans were rapidly cooling, and every time she shifted in her seat she felt ripples through the puddle that still filled her chair. She turned her attention back to the screen, and noticed that the familiar forest they were walking through was now filled with stumps instead of full grown trees. “Why are all the trees cut down?”

They emerged into what used to be the village, but now contained a massive grand hotel sized building.

“Isn't this where Abed's village was?” Troy asked.

“Hello, old friends.” Abed came out of the building and greeted the rest of the group, the NPC they had encountered earlier behind him.

“You remember Hilda,” Abed said.

“I live in the village. I love Abed,” Hilda said.

“Did she just say your name?” Jeff asked in disbelief.

“Yeah, if you max out a character's trust and affection levels, you can gain access to a front-end scripting language. Watch.” Abed then took them on a tour of his new estate, full of gold he had mined by manipulating the game’s code. He had every resource imaginable, and the study group put it to good use. They found Gilbert at the throne of Hawkthorne, but he had not yet won. At the throne was the prerecorded avatar of Cornelius Hawthorne himself.

Cornelius had planned that if Gilbert were to win, he had to sign a legally binding agreement to deny all claim to the Hawthorne name. Cornelius refused even in death to acknowledge his son. Gilbert couldn’t bring himself to sign the agreement, and Cornelius turned on him to become the game’s final boss. The study group arrived upon that scene, and Cornelius upgraded himself accordingly.

They managed to beat him with the power of teamwork (and Abed’s giant army of his NPC family) only to see Gilbert despairing that he had not truly beaten the game. The study group decided unanimously to stand up and forfeit the game. When Britta stood, she felt the cold puddle of her own pee she had been sitting in run down her legs in streams. She grimaced at the feeling, but was at least glad to have gotten out of the puddle. She joined the rest of the group huddled around Gilbert’s chair.

“I'm not the one that beat you,” she heard Gilbert say.

“Yes, you are,” Pierce replied. Gilbert looked up to see the group standing around him.

“We're forfeiting,” Britta said, doing her very best to look dignified in her current soaked state.

“Gilbert, you're right. You were more his son than me. You took all his crap and you didn't even get to take his name,” Pierce told him.

“He once sat on me in church just so he could see better,” Gilbert said bitterly.

“We've only been playing this game a couple of hours. You've been playing it your whole life, and now it's time for your reward, brother. So get in there and kill our dad.”

“Thank you, Pierce,” Gilbert responded to him. Gilbert returned his attention to the game, and killed the final boss.

Gilbert then stood up and collected his briefcase. He turned to address the group, “I'd like to thank you again for today and offer my apologies for my conduct. I wasn't myself. Family can make a person do a lot of crazy things.”

The group all accepted Gilbert’s apology, having finally understood the effect that Cornelius had had on both him and Pierce.

“If it would make it up to any of you in any way, there's a bar in town called Skeepers, and I hear they make a specialty drink... a Margarita, in fact, and it's served in a glass an entire yard long. My treat,” Gilbert said, still trying to atone for his actions.

“Score,” Britta said enthusiastically before looking down at her jeans, pee stain on full display.

“I might be a minute. I need to take a long shower first,” she amended, feeling that just as Jeff had said, the stain was not something to be ashamed of, but a mark of how much she cared for her friends. In any case, she still had some cleaning up to do.

*004*2024-02-15 15:17

{{18 hours ago, OmoJack said:

Any chance of a sequel starring Annie?

}}

There’s a definite chance. Though technically it would be a prequel as it is in a previous episode.

*006*2024-02-25 06:42

{{On 2/14/2024 at 3:17 PM, OmoJack said:

Any chance of a sequel starring Annie?

}}

{{On 2/15/2024 at 2:24 PM, LifeIsStrange said:

I'm down with that loved this story thanks.

}}

$/98379-disbarment-and-fluid-dynamics-a-community-famfic/?do=embed&comment=2158280&embedComment=2158280&embedDo=findComment#comment-2158280"

One Annie story as requested.

