A Very Long Game (League of Legends)

Author: JackFrost16

*000*2020-11-14 17:54

Irelia opened her eyes and peered at her new surroundings. She was greeted with the sight of large trees as far as the eye could see, with three large paths running through them. Irelia's blades floated in the air beside her. She was on Summoner's Rift, a battlegrounds for the most fearsome warriors all across Runeterra. Lookin around her, Irelia was able to identify her teammates as Blitzcrank the golem, Janna the wind spirit, Kennen the yordle, Lee Sin the monk, and of course herself. It wasn't the worst team but she had defiantly seen better. Quickly Irelia purchased some starter items and potions before heading down the middle lane.

She was followed by a group of minions, who would help her destroy the enemy's towers. After a few minutes of walking Irelia was met near the center of the lane by an opposing group of minions dressed in red. At their head was a massive fish like beast. She had heard stories of this creature. It was Tahm Kench, the demon of greed. Irelia was not happy to see the massive creature with that leering smile on his face. This was not going to be an easy match.

The blade dancer was right. Almost an hour later, and there had been little to no progress from either team. Irelia knew that the game was going to become a long drawn out affair. This was detrimental to Irelia in more than one way. In addition to the fact that she would be fighting enemies for a very long time, a lengthy game also meant that she would begin to experience some large discomforts. She needed to eat for example, and she would most certainly be tired. But those things were far from Irelia's mind at the moment. Instead a more pressing need was making itself known. The need to pee.

Obviously, as the battles took place in the outdoors, there were no convenient toilets for easy relief. The best you could do on the Rift was either hold it to the end, or find a nice secluded spot to relive yourself. The first option was already out of the question for Irelia. At the rate the game was going, it would be impossible for her to make it to the end without an accident. This left option number two. She could try to find an empty spot, but who knows how long that would take. Plus, even taking her attention off the game for a moment could allow the enemy team the opportunity they needed to win.

As Irelia cut down enemy minions and the occasional jungle monster, she pondered her dilemma. Unfortunately for the Ionian, she lost her focus on the matters at hand while pondering her problem. That window of distraction was all Tahm Kench needed to capitalize. Out of the blue a massive, slimy tongue whipped Irelia in the face. She looked up to see her fishy foe closing the distance. Irelia lost control over her bladder for a second, and a short stream of pee shot into her pants before she regained her composure. Irelia attempted to run, but her feet felt like they were made of lead. As the demon approached, Irelia had to resort to using her ultimate ability, vanguard's edge.

A storm of knives flew toward Tahm Kench. The second the knives made contact they fanned out trapping the demon. This was enough to let Irelia escape. She was able to move back to the safety of her own tower. Irelia slumped against the tower. She was badly shaken up but mostly unharmed. Her bladder was a different story. She was now as desperate as she had ever been and knew she had to act fast. The blade dancer sprinted as fast as she could into the jungle looking for any spot that could provide relief. The jungle was full of terrifying monsters and Irelia knew that being caught unaware by any of those creature could cost more than just her dignity.

After another minute of frantic searching, Irelia continued to come up empty. Finally, she spotted a small clearing that would work well. She ran over to the gap in the underbrush desperately. She bursted into the clearing and was going for the waistband on her leggings, when a massive golem lumbered out of the trees. Shock and terror shot through Irelia's body. Her frail hold on her bladder was shattered. Urine rushed from in between the girls legs instantly contacting her leggings. the deep blue fabric turned near black at the point of contact. the stain quickly spread outward running down her legs and soaking her ass. The back of Irelia's thighs also felt the liquid as the blade dancer wet herself. A steaming puddle formed on the ground between her legs. A whimper escaped Irelia's throat.

The golem had faded to the back of the Ionian's mind during her accident, and she now remembered his presence. Irelia was in no state to fight the monster so she quickly dashed out of the clearing. She arrived back at her lane just in time to see her first tower collapse. Not only had Irela embarrassed herself, she had given the enemy an advantage.

###

On the other side of the Rift, Kai'sa heard the announcement that an enemy tower had fallen. She smiled. It looked like this battle was finally progressing. She easily dispatched a batch of enemy minions and continued down lane. Her opponent in the lane was the golem Blitzcrank. So far the huge mass of metal hadn't been a problem for Kai'sa's speed. She was slowly gaining ground. She had taken her opponent's tower down to half health and was hoping to finish it off soon. As Kai'sa advanced on the tower. She couldn't help but notice a brief pang in her abdomen. Her need to pee was not exactly desperate, but on a normal day she would have visited a bathroom at this point. It was no mater to Daughter of the Void. She could wait for a long time still.

As Kai'sa's cohort of minions began to attack the tower, Kai'sa couldn't help but feel uneasy. There was nobody defending the tower. She would have though her massive opponent would have been running to defend. Where was he?

Kai'sa soon found out the answer. A massive metal fist shining with static electricity shoot from the edge of her vision. The punch collided with Kai'sa sending her sprawling. As she landed, a second ability from Blitzcrank created a magnetic shock wave that rocked Kai'sa's body. She twitched as the electricity shot through her. Every second a new jolt would hit redoubling the pain. As Kai'sa's was being electrocuted she completely lost control over her body. Her limbs flailed and her muscles spasmed. Her bladder failed, and she started to piss hard into her pants. The stream was torrential as it was forced out of her body. Her erratic movement made it impossible for the pee to keep to a static path. It flew everywhere soaking not only her legs but her pelvic area and back. As the electrocution finally stopped. Kai'sa regained control over her body. She was lying prone in a puddle of her own piss having fully wet her pants. Blitzcrnk was nowhere to be found.

Kai'sa groaned as she sat up. Her entire body was covered in urine. The carapace that her body was incased in was soaked all down her back and legs. She even felt some wetness in her hair. Low on health and spirits, Kai'sa began the long walk back to her base to replenish her strength.

###

Kai'sa's teammate Lux was also experiencing some bladder troubles. She was working her way through the jungle, killing monsters to collect gold and experience. The game was taking forever, and Lux was feeling its effects. She hobbled through the trees at half her normal rate, handicapped by her need. Every few minutes or so, the sorcerer would have to stop completely to clench her muscles and shove a hand in between her thighs. She had considered looking for a bush, but knew that every bit of foliage could have a massive creature lurking behind it.

An accident looked nearly inevitable at this point, by Lux would still not give up. Her optimistic personality told her that if she just held on for one more minute the game would be over and she could find relief. A sudden leak said otherwise. The mage quickly bent over, in an attempt to contain the damage. It worked if only for the moment. The leak had been minor and there was no obvious wet spots, but Lux knew that it meant the end was not far away.

Two leaks later, and Lux was on her last legs. A small orange sized wet stain stood out against the navy fabric of Lux'a leather leggings. Still ,the girl would not give in. She continued to make her way through the jungle with no real destination in mind. The only thing that mattered to her at this point was keeping her pants as dry as possible. She would not be able to continue to hold for long.

After a few more minutes of wandering, Lux finally reacher her limit. A leak shot again out of her bladder. This was something she was used to at this point, but this leak was different. It started as a dribble, but Lux was unable to stop it. Panicking, the mage stuffed her hands between her thighs, but the dribble still continued. In a matter of seconds, the dribble turned into a stream, into a full on flood. The urine that Lux had been so desperately trying to contain broke loose. Her leggings were instantly flooded. Lux was forced to stand and watch as she felt the warm tendrils of pee running down her legs. She sighed in both resignation and relief as she gave in to the fact that she was peeing her pants. After a solid minute of wetting, Lux looked down at herself. She was standing in a puddle of her own making and her leggings had almost completely changed color.

She sighed and continued her walk through the jungle, feeling relived. She may have had an accident, but at least she could now focus on the game and victory.

