My First Story Attempt - To be continued

Author: JMatthews1995

*000*2018-09-27 19:37

I am having a go at writing a story. It's got two fetish's involved in it. It goes like this so far. Any comments and criticism will be taken into account as I am not one known for my story writing!

Jess and Sophie had lived together for around 2 years. They had both met at university where they were studying law. Both of them had fell madly for each other over the last 2 years and they spent little time apart.

Over the last 2 years both of them had slowly grown more and more comfortable with each other. Right from when they started spending a lot of time together each of them was sure the other had a fetish of some kind. Jess was always sure that Sophie enjoyed having her feet pampered a little too much. Sophie was always intrigued by Jess's habbit of refusing to pee no matter how much she appeared to be struggling, usually blaming it on the fact she was too comfy cuddled up to her!

For almost 2 years neither of them braved the conversation about their naughty fetish's.

On a cosy Friday evening in Jess was sat with Soph's feet on her lap. She had been gently massaging them for the last 30 minutes or so. She'd also got through a few glasses of wine and was feeling brave!

"Sophie, can I ask you something?" She said as she blushed a little.

"Oh god. What have I done wrong?" Soph replied.

"Nothing, It's just.... I have always been a little curious... you always seem to get rather frisky whenever I massage your feet. They are always so perfectly kept and you always end up in such a naughty mood whenever I do. Do you.. Do you have a foot fetish?"

Her voice was quiet and rather shaky. She knew she was probably being stupid and that having a lovely foot massage would probably put most girls in a relaxed and possibly naughty mood. Then she saw soph's cheeks going red. She knew she had hit the nail on the head.

Sophie nodded gently and in response Jess giggled a little and tickled Soph's little feet.

Then the question Jess never expected came back!

"Do you have a pee fetish Jess?" Soph blurted out.

Jess panicked and didn't know what to say. She stuttered and mumbled something but not being prepared nothing really came out.

"I knew it! Like I get frisky when I have my feet played with, you seem to get mega frisky when you need to pee! The other day when we were watching that film and you were lay pressed against me squirming, I knew you were turned on, I could tell!"

Jess sat there, bright red in the face, trying to figure out what to say. She knew her body language and her lack of response had proven her guilty so she had to just admit it!

"So what if I do?" She replied in a stroppy sounding way.

"I bet you have to pee right now don't you" Sophie said as she lifted one of her little feet and gently poked Jess's little tummy with her toes.

Jess grabbed her foot and pushed it away from her bladder... She was damn right she had to pee! And having her bladder poked damn near made her leak!

After the initial awkwardness of the day they both found out. Both girls gradually became more accustomed to each others naughty little secrets. Within a few days it turned to an almost jokey sort of atmosphere. Soph would tease Jess. Often announcing that she was bursting to pee before animatedly grabbing her self and doing cute little pee dances. She knew Jess loved it when she did this and she could always tell that it was tormenting Jess's naughty mind!

Jess started having fun of her own with Soph. She would often tease her under the breakfast table. Gently stroking her dainty little feet up and down Soph's beautiful legs. Both girls were now reasonably comfortable with each others cute little qwerks!

*001*2018-09-27 20:46

Continued -

It was just over a week since both girls had confirmed their fetish's to each other. Not much had changed so far. There was the odd tickle from Soph whenever she though Jess needed to pee. And every now and then Jess would kiss Soph's feet just once whilst she was massaging them but nothing too serious had happened.

Jess being the more open and forward of the pair really wanted to start indulging in her fetish more with Soph, and she was willing to indulge Soph in return! All she had to do was think of a time to bring it up!

She decided to best option was to be open about her fetish first. She would put her self in a more vulnerable position that would make Soph comfortable knowing her girlfriend was so open and willing to show off her fetish. She hatched a plan that would bring up the subject and start to expand their fetish's more.

Her plan was to reveal an even more naughty side of her fetish to Soph. All that Soph knew so far was that she liked to hold her pee for a long time. She had no idea that Jess loved wetting and was extremely excited by the idea of torturing Soph's bladder as well!

Her chance came that Saturday evening. They had enjoyed a lovely Italian meal out Soph's favorite restaurant and then returned home. Both of them had drank 3 glasses of wine and were feeling rather tipsy! Soph especially as she didn't drink often.

The returned home, and giggling to them selves about a waiters miss-hap with a bowl of Spaghetti, settled into the living room and onto the sofa. Soph instantly kicked off her ankle boots and threw her bare foot up onto Jess's lap expecting her feet to be played with. Jess was always a bit annoyed at the fact Soph didn't always wear socks! She just assumed it was part of her naughty fetish however and began pampering her girlfriends soft little feet.

After 20 minutes both girls made their way up to bed. Soph was clearly in a frisky mood and was in a rush to get cosy in bed with Jess. Both girls were totally ignoring their bladders that were filling fast in their lower tummys!

Jess grabbed another bottle of wine and 2 big glasses on the way up to the bedroom and ran up behind soph. She opened the bedroom door and found soph stripped down to just her bra and panties climbing under the covers and turning on the TV. She had decided to wanted to watch endless episodes of Friends on Netflix. Jess, her first crush on a girl being Rachel, had no issue with this at all!

Both girls got them selves cuddled up under the covers. They were both down to just their panties at this point and they were both feeling rather naughty. Soph kept stroking her soft little feet up and down Jess's legs. She had got used to this and actually quite enjoyed the soft tickling sensation.

Jess was also hoping to start enjoying her fetish too soon. Her bladder was feeling really rather full and she knew Soph must be getting close to desperation as well!

Then came her moment! Soph announced that she had to go and pee, at the same time Jess noticed she had gently grabbed herself under the duvet. She had never seen Soph hold herself physically before. It was super cute! Jess then cuddled up tighter to Soph.

"Don't go Soph, I'm so snug" She said softly. Her heart speeding up hoping for the right reply.

"But I have to pee Jess. I have drank loads!" Soph replied.

Jess was willing to barter a deal at this point. She replied with a good idea.

"How about this then Soph. You let me stay snug, and hold your pee for another 30 minutes, and I will massage AND kiss your feet"

Soph puzzled over this for a bit. She knew how much she loved having her feet massaged. Having them kissed properly would be such a turn on! She also knew that when she had been drinking, her bladder could fill at an alarming rate! After a few seconds, she accepted the deal and then let Jess cuddle back up to her. Resigning her self to the fact her bladder wouldn't be getting relief for another half an hour!

Jess grabbed her phone off the bedside cabinet. She switched to the stop watch function and put 30 minutes into the timer. Starting it and then gently kissed Soph on the lips teasingly. Soph looked like she had enjoyed the little kiss and Jess decided to tease her.

"30 minutes from now that could be your cute little feet getting those kisses"

Soph smiled and Jess saw her hand slide down between her legs. Jess knew Soph wanted to prove she could hold and she was getting seriously turned on thinking about it.

*002*2018-09-27 21:07

15 minutes had passed. Soph was struggling to keep her bladder under control. She knew the nerves of impressing her girlfriend weren't helping but she couldn't forget the fact that if she managed to hold the next 15 minutes, her girlfriend would massage and properly kiss her feet! She had to hold it.

Jess on the other hand had got her self into a bit of a predicament. She too was bursting to pee. She had drank more than Soph and her bladder really was trying to relieve it's self. She was horny as hell and she knew that if she decided to get up and go pee then Soph would end up loosing motivation and running to the other bathroom at the same time. She had to hold it otherwise she would loose out on seeing the next 15 minutes of her girlfriend fighting for control!

A few more minutes passed. Soph was obviously squirming. She turned to Jess.

"Jess! Please can I pee? I have already made it nearly 20 minutes. I feel like I am gonna pee the bed!"

Jess being seriously turned on at this point reminded Soph of the deal hoping it would persuade her not to give up the hold. At this point she too was totally bursting and almost loosing control her self.

Soph replied "Not worth it sweety! I don't wanna soak the bed!" She started to shuffle to the edge of the bed and un-covered her self.

Jess upped the deal instantly "If you make it to the end of the 30 minutes I will massage and kiss your feet.. AND I will suck your cute little toes"

Soph threw the covers back over her self and grabbed her self tightly. The deal was clearly back on!

Amazingly she managed to make it until the 30 minute point. The second the alarm went off she dived out of the covers and ran full speed to the bathroom. Jess gave chase forgetting how dire her own bladder situation was at this point.

Soph dived onto the toilet and just about managed to get her panties down before a huge torrent of pee came flooding out. Jess stood and watched in awe as her beautiful girlfriend relieved her self right before her eyes!

At this point her own bladder throbbed and she felt her pee hole spasm. Instantly she knew she was in trouble. The sight of watching Soph get relief had made her own bladder want it as well.

With no other option she quickly perched her self on the edge of the bath and instantly started peeing her self through her panties into the tub below! At this point Soph burst out laughing. She had never seen anyone pee themselves before. Let alone her iron bladdered girlfriend!

TBC

*004*2018-09-28 16:03

{{15 hours ago, Melificentfan said:

This is excellent so far I am loving it

}}

Thank you! :D I will carry on with it later this evening :)

*005*2018-09-28 16:46

As the last few drops trickled through Jess's panties she sighed with relief. Soph stared in wonder as her beautiful girlfriend finished the last drips and stood up in front of her. She was totally lost for words. She even forgot to wipe her self before pulling her panties up and standing up as well!

Jess went to take her panties off. Soph grabbed her hand and pulled her out of the bathroom grabbing a towel of the rail at the same time.

"You're coming with me! You owe me a foot massage! Including kisses!" She said sounding rather bossy.

Sophie dragged Jess back into the bedroom. She threw the towel onto the bed and folded it before ordering Jess to sit her wet butt down on it. She then jumped up onto the bed her self and sat with her legs apart and her feet apart either side of Jess who had settled her self cross legged on the towel.

Jess suddenly found her eyes drawn to Sophs panties. She noticed a little wet patch on them and instantly she was even more turned on!

"Soph?! Did you leak before you got to the toilet?!" She asked excitedly.

Sophie looked down at her panties and noticed the little wet patch.

"OMG I didn't even noticed that! I must have forgot to wipe when I was too busy watching you soaking your self!" She blushed a little as she replied. Jess found this seriously cute. She grabbed one of Sophies beautiful little feet and began massaging them.

"You're not allowed to change your panties Jess. Not until I am satisfied you have pampered my feet enough" Soph said quietly. Her voice had softened loads as the releaxation of having her feet played with slowly calmed her.

Jess blushed and started gently kissing Sophs soft soles. She watched as Soph let her head roll back and just carried on gently kissing. Soph reminded her that she had agreed to suck her delicate little toes. Jess instantly obliged and began sucking and kissing them.

She saw Soph slide her hand into her panties and start tickling her self. She took the opportunity to wind her up.

"Soph, Your fingers must be getting a little wet! Can I taste them?" She said.

Soph pulled her hand out from in her panties then started at Jess.

"Dammit! My fingers are all pissy! I totally forgot!" She leaned forward and wiped them on Jess's towel and then lay back playing with her breasts instead as Jess continued to worship her feet.

After almost half an hour of playing with and worshiping her feet Soph was finally satisfied. She had stopped caring about the pee soaked fingers and had teased her self to orgasm as Jess had continued worshiping her feet. After calming down from her orgasm she crawled down the bed on her hands and knees and passionately kissed Jess's beautiful lips in an appreciative sort of way.

She then crawled back up to the top of the bed and pulled her self under the covers. Jess stood up off the bed and started walking towards the bathroom.

"Where do you think you're going Jess" Soph said bossily.

"I'm going to get cleaned up" Jess replied.

"I didn't say you could get cleaned up!"

Jess jumped back on the bed and threw the damp towel on the floor. She had lost interest of keeping the bed sheets clean at this point. She decided to really push her luck. Soph looked worried as Jess pulled the sheets off her. She had already pulled her panties off under the sheets and thrown them out the side of the bed. She was totally exposed! Jess knelt over Soph facing towards her. She then lowered her wet pussy down onto Soph. Instantly Soph squirmed as she felt the cold wet panties press against the top of her pussy.

"Ew that's so cold!" She shouted.

"They'll warm up! Don't worry" Jess replied as she leaned in for a passionate kiss.

Soph totally stopped caring about having Jess's wet panties pressed against her pussy and just began enjoying the passionate kissing knowing full well that Jess was really on the edge of orgasm.

TBC

*007*2018-09-28 17:51

Jess had just witnessed her beautiful girlfriend have a huge orgasm and she wanted that as well! She was lay on top of Soph snogging her like crazy rubbing her wet panty covered pussy backwards and forwards against Soph's pubic mound. She was getting closer and closer to orgasm and Soph new it. She knew Jess was a squirter and then suddenly came what she was expecting. She felt her pussy instantly getting soaked in a warm fresh wetness. Jess moaned extremely loudly and continued to rub her self up and down. Wave after wave of orgasm pulsated through her. Each time another huge squirt bursting through her pissy panties all over Soph's soaking wet little pussy.

Within seconds it was over. Jess's clit must have been throbbing for ages judging by just how fast she came. She collapsed onto Soph laying her self on top of her and kissing Soph's neck softly. Then she whispered in Soph's ear

"Now you know what it feels like to pee your self"

Soph couldn't help but wonder if that was what it really felt like. If it was she was definitely interested in giving it a go. The warm wetness felt amazing! It was at this point that Jess decided to treat her girlfriend like the princess she was.

She gently started kissing her way down Soph's wet tummy. Then gently started kissing the top of her beautiful wet pussy. Slowly going lower and lower. She gently licked the whole of Soph's wet pussy clean and then crawled back up the bed to announce that they should probably go and clean up. Soph agreed and kissed Jess on her wet lips. She tasted good!

Both girls headed to the bathroom. The shower was almost as extreme as the last hour had been. The both went to sleep that night extremely satisfied with how they had satisfied their naughty little kinks!

*010*2018-09-28 19:47

The next day both girls woke up in a very naughty mood. The antics of the previous night were fresh in their minds and both of them were extremely happy with how the night had played out. Jess never thought that playing with her girlfriends feet would be so fun! Soph had no idea just how naughty Jess could be when pee was involved! It was a very enlightening night for both of them.

Neither of them had any plans for the day. Soph was tempted to go to the gym and Jess wanted to do some gardening. Neither of them knew whether they should be the first to ask about the chance of more naughty fun so the topic didn't come up much.

It was when Jess saw Sophie getting ready for the gym that she decided to bring up the topic. She knew Soph had new trainers and she saw her sliding her beautiful little bare feet into them. She knew full well that getting her cute toes a bit hot made her frisky so she decided to bring up the topic.

"Last night was amazing Sophie! Judging by you "forgetting" your socks I'm guessing that you'll be wanting those pretty little feet pampered when you get home"

"I drink so much when I am going to the gym. I have to keep hydrated. You might be in for a treat when I get back. That is, so long as I get my little feet pampered" Soph replied.

Jess's mind was swirling. So many naughty thoughts were going through her head. Here was her gorgeous girlfriend teasing her about pee desperation! What a girl!

Jess replied "Well if I'm in for a treat so are you!" She tickled Soph and looked down at her trainers. "I can't wait to pamper those little beauties!"

Soph hurried off to the gym in a very naughty mood indeed. Jess was left alone at home with her naughty thoughts! She had to drink lots! Now! She had to fill her bladder up as fast as possible. She also needed to pamper her own little feet.

Two huge glasses of water later and she was in the shower. Washing and scrubbing her own pretty little feet. She cleaned them, trimmed her nails and painted them up all cute. She wanted to impress her girlfriend so much! She took a photo of her beautiful little feet and sent it to Soph.

Soph was just leaving the gym when the photo came through. She read the comment. It said "These cuties are waiting at home for you. I hope you're bladder is filling up nicely"

Instantly Sophie was in a fantastic mood. She hurried to the car. Her bladder was already sending a slight signal to her brain that she had to pee. But she hopped in the car and ignored it. She wanted to impress Jess with how big her bladder was just as Jess was impressing her with her beautiful little toes!

Jess was pacing around the house wearing her leggings, a cute t-shirt and her fresh new converse. Of course with cute bare feet in them! She was actually starting to enjoy the idea that Sophie might actually want to kiss her feet! Who knows what might happen after last night! She was also aware of her steadily filling bladder and she couldn't wait until it was the only thing she could think about!

She heard the door go and Sophie come hurrying in.

*012*2018-09-28 20:14

Soph saw Jess stood in the hallway. She ran over and grabbed Jess's wrist. All that was on her mind was playing with Jess's beautiful little feet! She pulled her into the bedroom and pulled her onto the bed. She then crawled down to the end of the bed and began un-lacing Jess's converse. She suddenly noticed that Jess had no socks on!

"Are you serious?! You have no socks on! You're so naughty!! She squeeked!

She pulled her converse off and gently started playing with Jess's little feet. She had never seen them look so stunning! Every little bit of them was perfect and she was so turned on by it all!

After a few minutes of playing with them she calmed down. It was then she felt her bladder start making it's self known. She gently touched her self and gripped softly. Jess noticed this and asked her how her bladder was.

"It's not sooo bad. I need to drink more for you sweety. Can you grab some drinks. I need to have a quick shower"

Jess didn't question this at all. She ran off to get some drinks ready for them both and then came back and sat waiting on the bed! Her own bladder by now was starting to tingle but it wasn't proper desperation yet.

At the same time Soph was getting showered. She kicked her trainers off and admired her beautiful soft little feet for a second before getting undressed and jumping in the shower. The warm water hit her and her bladder spasmed a little. She was more desperate than she first thought! She gently gripped her self and then showered as normal making sure to take special care over her little feet.

Once she had finished showering she came back into the bedroom wearing nothing but a towel wrapped around her and a pair of soft slippers on her feet. Jess was sat cross legged on the bed playing on her phone. She saw Soph standing there and was instantly in a naughty mood again. Soph sat on the bed next to Jess wearing her towel round her and Jess crawled down to the end of the bed. She had to repay Soph for her foot fun earlier so she slid her slippers off and began gently teasing her soft feet.

As she massaged Sophs feet Sophie kept moving. She'd spread her legs or lift one up in the air just enough for Jess to see up her towel and see her delicate little pussy. Suddenly she felt over dressed in her t-shirt and leggings. She quickly stripped off to just her panties and then carried on pampering Sophs feet.

"Do you need to pee Jess?" Soph asked gingerly.

"Kinda but I'm not super desperate" Jess replied

"Me too. Do you want to watch a film? We can see who can hold the longest" Soph went red in the face. She wanted to make her girlfriend proud by showing how relaxed she was about her fetish. I mean after all Jess was down there kissing her little feet! The least she could do would be to hold her pee for her. Maybe she would even be brave enough to pee her self if the time came!

*016*2018-09-29 10:42

Throughout the first hour of the film both girls desperation steadily increased. Jess could tell Soph had to pee as she kept noticing little squirms that seemed a little out of character. She was also fixated on the fact that Soph didn't even have panties on. Any grabbing would mean holding her naked pussy and from experience Jess knew that would make it very hard to Soph to hold easily without it tickling her self as well!

Another 20 minutes passed and Soph rolled over and snuggled up to Jess. Soph lifted one leg up and tucked it up at a right angle to her foot was around Jess's knee and her knee was up by her Jess's thighs.

Jess felt Soph warm pussy pressed against her naked thigh. Instantly she was turned on! If Soph leaked she would end up spraying pee on her leg and just that simple thought excited her like crazy.

"Jess..... I need to pee really bad!" Soph whispered into her ear as she nuzzled up to Jess's neck.

"Me too Soph. My bladder is really starting to ache"

Soph put her hand on Jess's enlarged tummy and gently pressed it. She felt the huge bulge and gently pressed on it. She knew the only way she would out hold Jess would be to tease her or torture her into wetting first! Jess grabbed Sophs hand and pushed it away from her bladder down onto her pantie covered pussy. Soph tickled it a bit and Jess squirmed as she felt her bladder spasm!

"I can't believe you're doing this for me Soph! Its such a strange request! I can't believe I am actually having a pee holding contest with you!" Jess announced.

Soph squirmed as another little wave of desperation overcame her. Jess asked her if she could help her hold. Soph obliged. Jess slid her hand down between Sophs legs and gently grabbed her girlfriends soft delicate pussy. Soph squirmed as Jess's hands were quite cold. Then as they warmed began to enjoy having her girlfriend helping to hold her pee!

After a couple of minutes Jess had to stop holding Sophs pussy and grab her own. A spasm had almost made her pee her self and she was determined not to loose a pee holding contest against a girl who's only just started enjoying pee desperation!

Soph saw this as her time to strike. She pulled Jess's hand away from her pussy and started tickling her! Under he arm with one hand and between her legs with her other hand. Jess started squirming like crazy. She was in hysterics and she knew full well if she couldn't get soph to stop tickling her she was going to end up very wet very soon!

She grabbed both of Sophs hands. Both of them now wrestling with each other and both of them ended up distracted from their quivering little pee holes! Jess felt a spurt escape into her panties and instantly had to let go of Soph and re-grip her self and control the leak. This gave Soph time to re-grip her pee muscles and begin another attack on her already leaking girlfriend.

She crawled quickly over to Jess and began pressing her tummy and tickling her under her arms. Jess instantly started leaking again and a little wet patch formed on the bed between her legs. There was nothing she could do! Soph was just too overpowering and she had a determined look in her eyes that said "You're going to soak your self"

There was nothing Jess could do. She managed to clamber up onto her knees as Soph tickled her. She crawled off the bed and stood next to the bed totally flooding her panties in front of Soph. The pee flooded from between her legs and soaked her beautiful feet making a huge puddle on the laminate floor! Soph was in awe of seeing her gorgeous little Jessie soaking her self again she totally forgot about her own desperation!

Jess stood and watched as Soph's pussy suddenly started leaking. She saw Soph grip her self as tight as she possibly could but nothing she did was going to help her worn out little pee hole. To minimize the damage Soph jumped off the bed, pee spraying out from between her beautiful pussy lips! It was all too much for Jess! Here was her naked angel peeing naked all over her legs and feet in front of her!

Soph was stood in Jess's puddle making it even larger! Her legs and feet soaked with hers and Jess's pee! Jess pulled her close and intertwined her legs with Soph's so she got soaked by her pee as well. She slid her hand over her peeing pussy and gently tickled Soph's worn out pussy. By the end of the naughty event there were 2 soaked little pussy's, 4 soaked little feet and 20 glistening wet little toes! Both girls were incredibly horny!

*017*2018-09-29 11:24

The week days passed both girls by rather quickly. She didn't get chance to have much fun with either of their fetish's as their schedules were very hectic. The most fun Jess had all week was when she got a video from Sophie at work. The video was a 60 second clip of Soph sat with her panties down on a toilet at work. She was holding her naked pussy and smiling cutely. She then tilted the camera down and showed her pee flowing out before pulling her panties up without wiping and then winking at the camera! Of course Jess was waiting by the door for Soph to come home so she could lick her naughty girlfriend clean!

The most fun Soph had all week was coming home from work on the Thursday. She kicked her black ankle boots off and then ordered Jess to worship her soft sexy little feet. Jess being in a naughty mood had obliged and was sat kissing and licking her delicate soft soles and sucking her cute toes within minutes.

Both girls wanted to plan something seriously naughty and seriously fun for the weekend. Both of them began planning a huge day of fetish pleasure for each other and they were both very excited about it!

*018*2018-09-29 13:25

It was the Saturday morning. They had spent Friday night out with friends. Both of them had drank a fair amount and had come back rather tipsy. Neither of them had a bad hangover but they were both feeling a little run down.

Jess woke up first due to her need to pee. She rolled over to face Soph who was spread across the other half of the bed in a very strange position. She didn't look comfortable at all! She thought she would leave her to it and go and make her a cup of tea. She clambered up out of bed as quietly as possible and headed toward the bathroom. She settled her self on the toilet and emptied her bulging bladder. The golden stream stopped, she wiggled a bit and then pulled her panties up smiling to her self as a tiny little wet patch appeared on the fabric and she felt the pee wick away into the fabric. Even a normal pee could be naughty if you forgot to wipe. She knew she would be showering soon anyway!

Jess slid her soft little feet into her fluffy slippers and headed downstairs. She flicked the kettle on and stood scrolling through facebook whilst the kettle boiled. She made sure she chose the big mug for Soph. She wanted to fill her bladder up!

Once the tea was made she headed back upstairs. Soph had woken up and was just leaving the bathroom when Jess entered the bedroom. She looked stunning even with her hair all messy!

The two of them cuddled up in bed drinking their teas watching the morning news. Jess loved morning snuggles with Soph and Soph loved stoking her feet against Jess's under the covers. Jess was just thinking about the fact she hadn't wiped earlier on and was getting tingly down below.

*020*2018-09-29 15:03

Both girls were determined to find out how far they could push each other when it came to their fetish's. Jess was determined to make Soph properly pee her self. She wanted to see her girlfriend dancing, squirming and grabbing for control over her throbbing bladder. She wanted to witness her totally soaking per self all the way down her legs. She wanted to see her ruin a pair of boots by filling them with lovely warm pee! Soph wanted to see what it would be like to play footsie under the table at a restaurant with Jess. Perhaps she could even tickle her in her private place if Jess would let her!

The two girls decided to shower together that morning. They helped each other get undressed and then jumped into the shower. Jess announced that she normally pees in the shower. Soph instantly refused to let her do it. It wasn't that she didn't like the idea, it's just that she had started to think that Jess peeing anywhere other than naughty places was a bit of a waste!

They caressed each others bodies in the shower. Jess loved it when Soph washed her hair. She could stand in a shower for hours having her hair played with. Soph loved it when Jess stood behind her and gently massaged her private area with the huge soft wash mitt they had. By the end of the shower both girls were feeling very frisky and definitely up for a naughty day of fetish fun.

They decided to choose each others clothes that day. Ones that would be extra fun for their fetish's.

Jess chose to dress Soph in a pair of black lace panties, black leggings, a leather skirt, a pair of black ankle boots, and a cute white blouse. She had vision of Soph loosing bladder control and soaking her panties and leggings and filling her boots with warm pee. The thought of this was causing her to tingle in her panties and she was getting a little damp!

Soph dressed Jess up in a similar outfit only she did away with the leggings and made Jess wear her converse on her cute bare feet. She wanted to make her naughty girlfriend have hot sexy little feet!

They both had a second cup of tea then headed out up town shopping at around 11am. Their first stop was Costa coffee where Jess ordered a large americano and and Soph ordered a large cappuccino. Jess was loving this! She knew that Coffee made Soph need to pee and with 2 big cups of tea already in her she was bound to need to pee soon. All Soph could think about was Jess's beautiful little feet getting all hot! She wanted to kiss her feet now! And she wanted hers worshiped already as well! She was glad that Jess had left out the option of socks in her choice of clothes for her!

TBC

*021*2018-09-29 18:04

Jess was in charge of deciding where they were going most of the time. Over the next hour they made their way around 3/4 home stores looking for nice things for their house. Soph was slightly aware of how her bladder was feeling and Jess was in the same state.

What Jess hadn't told Soph was that they were going to watch a film! A whole 2 hour film! They made their way to the cinema, bought their tickets, and then went to order snacks. Soph ordered the medium lemonade. Jess then butted in and said

"Make it the large on! You get free sweets with the large! I'll have a larger too"

Soph looked like she was a little panicked. Jess knew she must already be feeling rather full. It was turning her on like crazy!

45 minutes into the film and Soph's bladder was starting to feel strained. She could feel the weight of her bulge pushing down on her urethra and it was starting to make her stress. She really wanted to make it through the film but she was sure she had no chance. She noticed Jess fidgeting as well!

Another 15 minutes passed. Jess grabbed Soph's hand off the arm rest and put it between her legs. She whispered

"Hold me for a second! I'm bursting!"

Soph was instantly embarrassed. She knew no one would be able to see in the dark but she was grabbing her girlfriends pussy in public to help her hold her pee in! How had she ended up in this situation?! She asked her self.

By the hour and a half mark Soph could feel her bladder starting to send urgent signals. Her pee hole muscles were twitching and her bladder pulsating. She had to go! NOW!

"Jess, I have to pee! Right now!" she whispered.

"You can't go now! You'll miss all the interesting stuff!"

Jess watched as Soph re-crossed her legs and pressed her hands down between her legs. Her leather skirt hindering her ability to hold her self tight! Jess felt her self getting damper between her own legs! She too was having rather bad urges but she had powered through worse desperation in her life and she wasn't about to be outdone by her girlfriend!

Soph suddenly stood up. There was no way she could make it to the end of the film. She had to pee! And fast! She went to squeeze past Jess and felt Jess's hand on her wrist.

"Please please go through those little panties!" Jess whispered.

Soph panicked and hurried off to the toilets. She had never rushed so badly to a toilet in her life. She slammed through the main door and hurried into a stall. She pulled her leggings and panties down and went to sit down. Then stopped just above the toilet. At this point her pee hole was spasming like crazy! She could feel the pee starting to work it's way down her urethra! She had seconds to decide whether to pee like normal or impress her naughty sexy footed girlfriend.

She chose to impress her. She quickly pulled her panties back up over her twitching pussy! Instantly her pee hole unleashed a torrent of pee! It came pouring out! Flooding through her cute lacy panties for near enough 30 seconds! A huge wave of relief overcame her and she sighed. Half way through the pee she had a naughty naughty idea! She clamped her pee hole as hard tight as she could stopping the flow. Then fumbled to get her phone out. She had turned it off at the start of the film. Waiting for it to boot up felt like an eternity! She grabbed her aching pussy with one hand to try and re-assure it. Then finally the phone loaded! She quickly turned the camera onto selfie mode. Did a naughty kiss to the camera tilted it down to her pussy and removed her other hand from over her wet panties. The flow resumed instantly! Another 30 whole seconds of relief!

Once the last few drops had dripped off her panties she stopped the video, dried her hands on some toilet paper and then sent the video to Jess. She knew she wouldn't get it until she came back out of the cinema.

She pulled her leggings up over her wet lacy panties, neatened her skirt up, washed her hands, then headed back to the cinema. Her panties were clinging to her pussy and in a strange dirty sort of way she rather enjoyed the feeling. She knew that doing this would have earned her some serious brownie points with Jess!!

TBC

*023*2018-09-29 22:22

Sophie settled back into her seat next to Jess. She was glad she was wearing a leather skirt as anything else would let the wetness of her panties get onto the chair she was sitting on. Jess looked uncomfortable, she was squirming in her seat looking tense. She looked over at Soph and said

"Did you pee normally?" Jess said with a strained whisper

Soph could tell her girlfriend was close to wetting her self. She ignored the question and suggested that Jess goes and pees. Jess refused and grabbed her self tight. She hadn't paid any attention to the film at all for the last 15 minutes and with only 20 minutes left she was damn sure she wasn't giving up!

Soph felt Jess hold her hand. She was squeezing it tight. The sort of hand squeeze you would get if you were at the dentist with someone that didn't like the drills. Jess was squirming and shuffling about in her seat. Soph held her hand and knew full well that Jess was a horny mess at this point. She knew she would be getting seriously turned on by being this desperate.

Jess was almost panicking now though. She was at the point where she was worried about even standing up! How had she let her self get to this point?! Her bladder was spasming sending signals to her brain to release her pee muscles. She was actually hurting by this point and knew she had to do something fast. She didn't care who saw her now. She grabbed her self under her skirt. Her hand gripped her pussy tight and she was sweating she was so desperate. Her little bare feet in her converse were so hot now, she knew Soph would love to kiss them!

She hobbled out of her seat and slowly walked to the toilets. Her legs were pressed tight together so each step was a short shuffle. Eventually she made it to the toilets. As she opened the door she felt a spurt escape into her lacy panties! Oh god! She couldn't pee her self!! Not this close to relief!! 5 more steps got her into the stall. She instantly dropped onto the toilet, just about getting her skirt out from under her she exploded into a flood of pee into her panties! She peed for 60 seconds flat! Just and endless torrent of pee flooding through the clingy fabric. She felt AMAZING!

Jess had no idea that Soph had already been through the same situation. The last few trickles dripped from her panties and she stood up pulling her skirt down. She was a horny mess and she wanted to play with Soph right now!

She walked back into the cinema and settled down next to Soph. She leaned over and admitted she had peed through her panties. Soph giggled softly and asked how it felt. Jess explained that it felt really nice knowing she was ignoring her wetting and just going on about her day.

The film finished and both girls left the cinema. Jess suggested going home but Soph wanted to toy with her. She said that they should go for food and that Jess should stay in her pissy panties. Jess agreed after a little teasing by Soph. She was still totally unaware of Soph's wet little pussy!

After a brief walk to the restaurant they got a table and settled into their seats. Soph was pleased that they had got a little booth with a table with a low hanging table cloth. It meant that she could tease Jess under the table with her cute little feet! They ordered two large glasses of wine and began drinking. Soph's panties were clinging to her wet little pussy and to her surprise she was actually rather enjoying it! She leaned under the table and un-zipped one of her ankle boots. It dropped to the floor and she then started stoking her soft little bare feet up and down Jess's beautiful bare legs!

Jess giggled and kicked one of her converse off so she could tease soph as well. Footsie was always one of Soph's favorite games to play when they were eating.

That's when Jess turned her phone on. Soph instantly got nervous as she saw the phone boot up. She knew her naughty video would come through and Jess would most likely open it sat there at the table! As Jess was about to click on the message Soph slipped her foot up under Jess's skirt and pressed her toes onto her wet panties. It distracted Jess and she put her phone down. Soph leaned over and said

"Turn the volume down and make sure no one looks at the screen!"

Jess tilted the phone away and turned the volume down. She opened the video and her eyes lit up! She watched the video of Soph winking at the camera, then the camera tilting down to her pussy and her hand being removed from what looked like wet panties. She then watched in awe as her beautiful girlfriend peed through her panties for what seemed like forever! She closed the video and looked up. Soph was sat there in front of her looking so gorgeous and Jess now knew that she was sat there with a soaking wet little pussy just like hers!

Soph took her foot away from Jess's wet pussy and slid her damp little foot back into her ankle boots. She knew her toes were pissy but she didn't care at all at this point!

