Ellie’s Injury: An NCIS Fanfic

Author: JamesK

*000*2024-09-16 08:38

This story takes place in season 11, episode 15 of NCIS, which aired in 2013. It’s a continuation from “Bishop’s First Stakeout”

$/104457-bishop%E2%80%99s-first-stakeout-an-ncis-fanfic/

I decided on a new thread because the title would become non-indicative, and I plan to have a few chapters of this story. Some will have messing, some won’t, but I will always annotate beforehand. This first chapter does include messing.

New characters:

Delilah Fielding: Margo Harshman

Fay Gussman: Challen Cates

Ellie Bishop’s first case as a (probationary) NCIS agent was nearing its end. A woman named Fay Gussman had been discovered to be buying faulty body armor on the cheap and selling the useless armor to marines for profit. Marines had already been killed or paralyzed as a result of this faulty armor. Gibbs was bringing in Gussman’s supplier for questioning while Ellie was working with DOD analyst Delilah Fielding to try and find which units were using the bad armor.

Delilah had been recovering from a drone attack that had caused paralysis below the waist, but she was right back in the thick of things. It was she who had discovered that there was a unit outfitted with faulty armor in the field at that very moment. Ellie and Delilah prepared to set up in MTAC (a secure telecommunications system) to try and get in contact with the unit’s commanding officer before those marines encountered enemy fire. Ellie liked to eat while she worked on something important like this because she always felt like it helped speed up her mental processes. So she went to a food truck out in the navy yard, picked up apple toast and some bananas for the both of them. She bought a soda as well, and when she got up to MTAC she saw Delilah ready and waiting.

As they ate, they did everything they could to get into contact with the endangered marines. They had no such luck, and Ellie soon felt a pressure in both her bladder and bowels. She usually pooped every day after work, but they were working overtime on this case. And for some reason (maybe stress from trying to track the defective vests) Ellie hadn’t gone last night. She pushed the thought out of her mind. There was no time for a bathroom break, not with a marine squadron going into a combat zone with faulty body armor. Once they finally did get in contact with someone who could help, they barely got a few words in before the marines on the other side abruptly said they’d be right back and cut off their cameras.

Ellie looked nervously back to Delilah.

“They said they’d be right back. Is…is the feed still live? Cause it looks like they cut.”

Delilah just gave her a small smile. “Boys sent you up to wait for word, huh? Rookie hazing?”

Ellie had a similar thought, but instead said “Two hot chicks...they probably figured we'd get faster results.”

“And I'm in a wheelchair,” Delilah said as she rotated said wheelchair. “Double points.”

Ellie didn’t really know how to respond to that and just gave an awkward smile.

“Oh, no, you'd be surprised. People go out of their way to help me now. Total strangers, boyfriends. I don't always need it,” Delilah said all of this very fast, like she had been holding on to it for some time.

“Well...” Ellie started, looking back to Delilah. “People are generally good.”

Delilah looked like she was having a hard time seeing the good in people right now. “Someone was selling defective body armor, and then someone killed that someone. And now we are trying to get some of those vests back from a U.S. Marine recon unit in Afghanistan,” she said.

“Well, I guess we all need help sometimes,” Ellie said.

“Maybe.” Delilah looked back at Ellie. “You read that in a fortune cookie?”

Ellie hesitated, then pulled the fortune slip out of her pocket. “Yeah.”

They both laughed before refocusing. Delilah and Ellie worked in vain for half an hour trying to contact the marine patrol, but were no nearer to reaching them than they were before. Ellie’s need was growing, her urge to pee at 6/10 and poop at 7/10. Suddenly, the phone on the desk rang. The sudden noise made Ellie and Delilah jump, and Ellie picked it up.

“This is Bishop.”

“Bishop,” Gibbs’s voice on the phone said. “Gussman’s got a meeting with her supplier planned tonight, at her trailer outside her gun show. She’ll be meeting us instead. Gear up, we leave in ten mikes.”

Ellie got up without hesitation and ran downstairs to the garage. As the team mobilized to arrest Gussman, she ran down her mental checklist: Weapons, ammo, body armor (non-defective) all present. Ellie donned her NCIS windbreaker over her ballistic vest and tied her long blonde hair in a tight bun. She loaded and holstered her pistol, then put her ballcap on her head. Ellie checked her watch; seven of the ten minutes Gibbs had allotted her to get ready had already passed. There would be no time to relieve herself. She bit her lip and felt a slight panic.

Ellie normally wouldn’t worry so much at her current level of urgency, but given her previous accident in Tony’s passenger seat she was much more wary. True to their word, Tony and McGee had not given her any grief over her wetting her pants, (they had actually been surprisingly understanding about it) but Ellie obviously didn’t want it to reoccur. Especially since she had to go both ways this time, and she rather liked the sky patterned bikini panties she was wearing.

“Feeling okay Bishop?” McGee asked.

“Hmm?”

“You look nervous. Just breathe, and follow our lead,” Tony said, putting a reassuring hand on her shoulder.

Ellie took a deep breath and nodded. It wasn’t just her bathroom predicament that was on her mind, but what they needed to do. She had qualified on her firing range and been issued her weapon, but she still had hangups. While working for the NSA she had time to analyze everything, take in all the evidence, and take her time choosing the optimal approach. But field work wasn’t like that; you don’t have time to take every possible outcome into account. You just have to trust your instincts, trust your training, and trust your team. The elevator ding took Ellie out of her introspection as Gibbs strode to the team, already armed and armored.

“Mount up. Dinozzo, take Bishop. McGee, with me.” Gibbs got in the driver seat of one of the parked sedans, and Tony got in the other. The rush as they drove to their encounter sent Ellie’s bladder and bowels into overdrive, putting both needs at an 8/10. She felt a cramp coming on and took some effort to stop it. She couldn’t help but release a minor and silent fart. Ellie’s face turned red as the cramp subsided, only hoping that the smell would not be too bad. She could tell from the fart that the subsequent load will be solid, but that was a small comfort.

Tony wrinkled his nose but didn’t look in Ellie’s direction. Not taking his eyes off the road, he asked “Something you forget to do, Bishop?”

Damn it, he can smell it, Ellie thought.

“Didn’t forget, just couldn’t take the time. We were trying to save lives, you know,” Ellie fired back at him.

“Maybe make time next time. I don’t want this to become the second most awkward car ride I have with you,” Tony said.

“How though? How do you prioritize?” Ellie wasn’t just asking about the bathroom. Gibbs asked a lot from his team, and it wasn’t easy to live up to. “There’s always so much going on, and at any given moment Gibbs can walk in and say ‘dead marine in Norfolk, grab your gear.’”

Tony considered it for a moment, then said “It’s just part of the job. Always be alert, always be prepared for anything. Keep a packed bag ready to go at a moment’s notice. And when an opportunity presents itself, take it.”

“That applies to everything?” Bishop asked, feeling another cramp and another fart coming on.

“Everything,” Tony repeated. Bishop farted again, still silently, and turned an even deeper shade of red. Tony was giving her very sincere advice about both her career and her life, but all she could think about was how badly she needed a restroom.

The team arrived at the meeting location to find Gussman smoking outside her trailer. Gussman’s eyes grew wide at the sight of the agents’ cars, and she rushed inside. The agents parked in a v formation, allowing them to take cover behind the cars. They exited and took aim at the trailer door.

Gibbs shouted “NCIS! Come out with your hands up!”

After a moment of no response, he murmured to the team “Go.”

A second later, automatic gunfire erupted from the trailer windows.

The team ducked back behind the cars, each agent trying to get a clear shot on Gussman. Ellie leaned too far out from cover, and felt a bullet impact on her body armor.

Pain exploded from her abdomen, and she fell to the ground with a yell of pain. She heard Tony call out her name, and then Gibbs saying “Now!”

More gunshots rang out as the standing agents fired relentlessly at where Gussman’s last shots came from. After a moment of silence, the trailer door opened- and Gussman toppled out, dead.

Ellie saw none of this, lying on the ground in pain. The bullet knocked the wind out of her, she could barely breathe. She felt a hot liquid pooling beneath her, and thought she must be bleeding. She had enough presence of mind to dip her fingers in the puddle and bring them to her face. Even in the dim light, she could tell that it was not blood.

“Bishop!” She heard Tony call out. The relief Ellie felt was mingling with embarrassment, as she realized that if she was not bleeding she must be wetting her pants instead.

“Bishop,” Tony said more softly, kneeling beside her. Ellie was still peeing, urine saturating her panties and dark jeans as well as the bottom of her windbreaker as she lay on the ground. She dimly thought to try and stop peeing herself, but her stream didn’t so much as slow down. Tony unzipped her windbreaker to reveal two rounds embedded in Ellie’s bulletproof vest. Ellie coughed and gasped out, finally regaining her breath.

“Oh, holy fish sticks, that hurt,” Ellie said.

Tony smiled as he could tell that Ellie wasn’t seriously hurt. McGee and Gibbs were also by her side now, looking relieved to find her not seriously hurt. Tony gestured at the two rounds stuck in the vest and said “Lucky you got the real thing.”

Ellie didn’t feel very lucky. She just felt very wet, though she managed to slow her stream to a steady trickle. She registered the sound of ambulance sirens approaching.

“Can't say the same thing for Ms. Gussman,” McGee said. “She tried using one of those faulty vests as a last resort.”

“Is she dead?” Ellie asked, feeling wholly unsympathetic. She finally stopped peeing at that moment.

“It all comes around, Bishop,” Gibbs said, grabbing her hand to help her up. As Ellie stood up, she remembered her other emergency. And she had no strength left to fight it. As soon as her ass left the ground, she felt the load inside her begin to drop down. She was unable to fully stand up, doubling over once she was on her feet as her turd began to turtlehead. Ellie tried her best to control it, but it was no use. Her body pushed involuntarily, and Ellie could only helplessly poop in her sky blue panties. Her turd tented out the back of her pants, then broke off into her panties.

“You alright?” Gibbs asked. He clearly hadn’t yet realized that the newest member of his team was in the process of pooping her pants right before their eyes. Ellie had no idea what to say. Her bowels started to push a second log out, and in her head the soft crackling as the poop slid past her ass cheeks was the loudest sound in the world.

It took everything in Ellie’s power to not touch her hand to the seat of her pants as she tried to hold on to the last bit of subtlety she could. She didn’t need to feel the butt of her jeans to know she must be showing one hell of a bulge. But none of the men saw it yet; they were watching her face, not her ass.

“I’m okay,” Ellie said. It wasn’t a lie; she was grateful to still be alive at least. Had she not been wearing a vest, filled panties would be the least of her worries. She felt one last cramp as that thought crossed her mind, as if her gut considered it to be permission. Not that her gut needed permission; the poop slid right out just as the previous logs had, curling against the already prodigious mass in her panties.

Bladder and bowels now empty, Ellie could finally think straight again. There was no chance that the three highly trained special agents in front of her would not piece together that she had utterly peed and crapped her pants, so she only had to decide whether it was more embarrassing to admit it to them or to stay silent. It immediately became a moot point as Tony knelt down to grab Ellie’s ball cap out of the dirt and saw the bulge in the back of her pants.

Tony straightened up, speechless for once. Gibbs and McGee looked between Tony and Ellie, and then the smell of Ellie’s pants reached them. They put two and two together and just looked at Ellie for a moment.

What felt like the longest silence of Ellie’s life was broken by Gibbs saying “Don’t worry about it.” He put a hand on her shoulder and looked her in the eyes.

“You were shot. Crapping your pants in combat is a far from uncommon. It’s happened to better men and women than me, and it doesn’t change anything. Do you understand?” Gibbs was gruff as always, but somehow a bit of compassion seemed to make it through. Ellie nodded, and took another few breaths.

The ambulance came onto the scene at that time, and McGee directed a pair of EMTs to Ellie. One was an early twenties clean shaven Hispanic man, and the other was a late thirties white woman with glasses. The men stepped away to give Ellie some privacy while the female EMT asked Ellie some assessment questions. The male EMT helped Ellie onto the stretcher. Ellie grimaced as she sat in her mess, but didn’t say anything. The paramedics seemed completely unphased by the load in Ellie’s pants, having likely seen much worse in their time.

After a few questions and a blood pressure test, the EMTs seemed mostly satisfied. The woman said “Okay ma’am, you seem to be in good condition. We are still going to take you to the hospital for a full examination; just to be sure there are no internal injuries.” Ellie nodded, then saw Gibbs approaching.

“McGee and Tony are talking to the other paramedics. McGee already called Jake and told him which hospital you’re being transported to. Let me know what the doctor says as soon as you can, don’t worry about waking me up.”

Ellie nodded in response and thanked him. She was discharged from the hospital the next morning no worse for wear, aside from some bruised ribs.

