School Issued Human Toilets - Virtual Sex Pee Desperation 2nd Person

Author: jakeybakey

*000*2024-09-21 10:07

*everyone is over 18, and the classmates are 18 year old seniors

Just a half hour to go until your next period. You can wait that long, right~? You find yourself tapping your foot, anxiously waiting for the bell as your teacher drones on and on about classroom expectations.

“Over the summer, I’m sure you all forgot about the rules of the classroom, so we will be going over the syllabus today.”

Why do you have to pee so bad? Was it the water you drank with breakfast, or was it the water you drank in the hallway before class~? It sure would be a shame if you wet yourself on the first day at your new school~ Stop zoning out, your teacher is talking!

Ms. Rose notices the very loud tapping of your foot. “Is there something bothering you?”

The whole class stares in your direction. You try to think of something to say, but stutter instead.

“I u-uh… s-sorry miss, c-can I use the bathroom?”

Your classmates snicker, and talk amongst themselves.

“Have they never been here before~?”

“They must be new~ giggles”

A smug smile is seen from Ms. Rose. “Do you really need to pee~?”

“Yes.” you say. Why is everyone making such a big deal?

Ms. Rose smiles. “Alright then, here’s a pass…”

You walk up to Ms. Rose’s desk as she writes out your bathroom pass. Her tender hands give you the slip.

“Remember to come back to class~”

You take the slip, and the class silently laughs. Walking out the door, you wonder what the hell is going on. No matter, your bladder is going to burst if you don’t get to the bathroom. You walk down the hall and take a right to see the bathroom door. You enter with desperation, searching for an available stall. It’s going to feel so good, isn’t it~? To release all that pent up tension~

You enter a stall and lock the door.

“Hey~!” says a sultry voice behind you.

You jump, startled. “I AM SO SORRY! I didn’t realize you were in here, I’ll be right on out-”

She giggles. “No, don’t leave~ you’re the first to use the bathroom today.”

“W-what do you mean?” You ask. “Also now that I’m looking around, where is the toilet?”

She smiles. “I’m your toilet, honey~ Are you new here?”

You are so desperate to pee, and this beautiful girl wearing nothing but a plug is saying that she’s your toilet. You must be dreaming or something, right? This should be illegal or something, right???

“How could you be my toilet? You’re hot- I mean a human!”

She sweetly smiles. “I volunteer for community service, and I love to see people’s desperation flow into me~ Do you need to pee or not?”

You have no other choice, you feel like you’re about to burst~ you really need to pee, don’t you? You really want to let this sweet girl dominate you, don’t you~?

“Desperately.” You say.

“Great~! I want you to sit down for me…”

There is a small counter behind her. You walk over slowly to not let any pee out, and sit down. You can just feel the pee inside you splash around~

“I’m going to take your pants off and put them to the side, okay~?” She smiles and slides down your jeans. Your bladder is so full, and her eyes gleam at the thought of it bursting~!

“Please just let me pee already…” You say desperately.

Her face gives a smug smile. “Can do~”

She takes the plug out of her pussy and inserts herself onto you slowly.

“You like that?” asks the girl, blushing.

You start to feel aroused, but you still need to pee so bad~

“What do I do now?”

“Let your desperation flow into me, honey~”

What? You can’t pee inside of this girl! Or can you~? You need to pee so bad, don’t you? You’re going to pee inside her and make her so happy~

“Fill me up, sweetheart~” she puts her mouth onto yours, and starts grinding on top of you. Her tongue explores every inch of yours, and your bladder is about to burst~ Oh you need to pee so bad~ she wants to be filled up with your desperation, fill her up with your pee~

She leaves your mouth, “Oh baby~ Are you leaking?”

You’re leaking! You’re flooding into this goddess~ Your bladder is so full, it’s definitely going to fill her up~

“I love when you let your stream flow into me~” She starts to ride you now that your bladder is halfway empty. She feels immense pleasure~

Her tender breasts bounce up and down as she rides you into the counter. You’re trying so hard to keep the pee from getting on the floor, but she doesn’t care~ She rides you faster and faster~

“I need to pee so bad~” moans the girl. “It feels so good holding it in~”

Her full bladder mixed with yours is causing overflow~ She doesn’t seem to mind. She rides you faster and faster as the pee splashes onto the floor, her breasts burying your face~

“Stop~! If you go any faster, I’m going to cum!” You shout.

“Yes~! Fill me up with all your fluids~!” She rides you faster, and puts her mouth to yours.

You both need to pee so bad~ Pee is going everywhere, and you’re about to cum~! You’re not gonna cum yet though~ You need to experience more of this pleasure~ Yes~ Experience her pussy grinding against you as you both desperately need to pee~ You both need to pee so bad~! Her mouth makes out with yours, and her hands reach behind your back, locking you in her embrace~ She fucks you harder and harder~

“Cum for me~ Cum for me! Fill me up~!” shouts the girl.

Her ass grinds against your thighs, and you’re buried in her mouth. She leaves again, and her eyes meet yours~ Her bladder releases~

“No~! Wait~ I’m not allowed to pee~!” She moans as she floods your lap, wraps you in her embrace and fucks you faster and faster. Your tongues touch as the pee splashes onto the floor~

“Oh~ OH!” She rides you as she tries to hold in her orgasm, not yet~ not yet~

“You want to cum, don’t you~? You want to fill me up so badly~!”

Her body grinds on yours at maximum speed, ensuring an orgasm~ the pee splashes everywhere and floods your lap like a pool~ her mouth quickly latches onto yours and she pulls you close once again~ Her ass splashes the pee around your thighs and her bladder spills everywhere along with yours~ You need to pee so bad and she keeps riding you~ her mouth tastes so good~ you wrap your arms around her too, and she starts to moan~ you both need to pee so bad~ why don’t you just pee~? Just flood into her~ fill her up! Fill her bladder with your cum~

You orgasm and flood her with your cum~ She orgasms intensely too, moaning and smiling.

"AAAAAHHHHHH~!"

White pools of cum overflow both of your laps~ You filled her up~ She slowly gets off of your lap.

“Did I do a good job?”

“Yes… yes I suppose you did.” You say.

She wipes herself off and puts her plug back in.

“Wait, why do you have that?” You ask.

“Have what~?”

“The plug…”

“Oh…” She realizes. “I’m not allowed to pee, I have to remain plugged the whole time. Besides, I love holding in your fluids anyway~”

“...Thank you?”

“Now get to class, there should be a shower outside of the stall to clean up your mess~ giggles”

You walk out and shower. You just can’t wait to see her again the next time you’re desperate to pee~

