Jess' Tortureous Clothing

Author: JMatthews1995

*000*2019-05-17 19:29

It was Saturday morning, Soph and Jess had awoken late having had a lie in. Both were in great moods. Soph was in a naughty one! She had decided that today she wanted to make jess wet, wet, and rewet her self again! She wanted her girlfriend to be the horniest little cutie possible by the time they went to bed that night. Because of this she decided she was dressing Jess for her day ahead.

"I'm picking your clothes today hun."

"Oh really? Why?"

"Because I want to dress you up sexy!"

Jess shrugged and let Soph go and pick out her clothes. She sat naked on the bed waiting for Soph to return.

"Okay Jess here we are!" She handed Jess a pair of lovely lacey panties. "Slip into those baby"

Jess slid the lacey panties up over her soft little pussy and stood waiting for the next item of clothing.

"Next are these" Soph handed Jess a pair of black footless tights and smiled. She watched again as Jess slid her delicate little feet through the tights and out the end. She then leaned in and grabbed the waist and pulled them up tight, giving Jess a cute little wedige. "Yeah, those are sexy!"

Again, Soph disappeared into the wardrobe. This time she pulled out a lovely lace up bodysuit. One that Jess had worn on a night out recently. It was black, with full length arms, and a crotch that hadn't got any prestuds for access. Soph had witnessed Jess pulling it aside previously to allow her self to pee.

"Oooh nice choice Soph!" Jess muttered as she slipped her feet through the leg openings of the bodysuit. It wasn't until Soph was lacing up the suit that Jess realised what was going on.

"This is going to be a nightmare to pee in! I can't even pull it to the side now you've made me put tights on"

"I know! You're going to love it!" Muttered Soph as she double and then double knotted the lace. "You're not getting out of this at all today!"

"I can't hold all day Soph!"

"I don't expect you to! In fact, I'm going to be doing whatever I can to make sure you don't sweety!"

Jess felt her pussy tingle between her legs. Soph was going to be forcing her to wet her self, and the looks of it, she'd be rewetting as well!

"I'm going to be such a wet little mess Soph! You do realise that?"

"Of course hun! Don't worry, I will lick you clean!"

Jess went slightly cross eyed as her pussy spasmed with excitement! Soph disappeared into the wardrobe and this time returned with a lovely black leather skirt, and a pair of ankle boots.

"This is to hide you pee patch, and these are because I want those sexy little feet all hot!"

Jess giggled and finished dressing her self. She knew it was going to be a fun day!

"How about you get your self wet now hun?"

"What? Right now? I've only just got dressed."

"Don't see why not, you're going to have a pissy pussy all day anyway you may as well start now."

Soph dragged Jess into the bathroom, pulled he leather skirt down and made her sit on the toilet. She watched with excitement as a glistening wet patch appeared on Jess' pussy. It trickled slowly through the panties, tights, and body suit and splashed into the toilet.

"I bet that feels lovely doesn't it Jess?" Soph was smiling contently, knowing full well that Jess was going to be ravenous by the time the girls went to bed that night.

"So so nice Soph!" Mutter Jess as she stood up feeling her sopping wet pussy lips press together between her legs. "I'm going to be so wet by tonight!"

TBC

*004*2019-05-18 12:18

Soph decided that they'd be going shopping to start the day. She dragged Jess out the house before her panties even had time to dry to damp and they boarded the bus.

"Imagine if people know your panties were soaked with pee!" whispered Soph. "How bad would that be!"

"Shhhhhh!!" moaned Jess "People might hear!"

Soph sat comfortably next to Jess imagining just how wet her little pussy must be. She was in for a long pissy day, that's for sure!

Having arrived at the shopping centre the first thing on Sophs mind was filling Jess' bladder up again quick. They headed straight to the nearest cafe and Soph ordered for both of them.

"2 LARGE white coffees please. Oh and I'll have two of these bottles of coke as well" She grabbed 2 out of the refrigerator next to the counter, glanced over at Jess and smiled sweetly at her. "Busy day ahead, got to keep hydrated" she exclaimed.

They settled them selves outside of the cafe on a bench and drank through the entire coffee. Soph then hinted that Jess should drink some coke as well. She watched with excitement as Jess slowly sipped at the big bottle, knowing full well that all that fluid would soon be flooding through her girlfriends sexy clothing!

They shopped around various different places. Soph insisted on spending ages trying on various shoes, she seemed to hint that all of them would be perfect so long as they had her sexy feet inside them! She ended up leaving with a lovely new pair of adidas trainers. Perfect for her sexy little bare feet, so comfortable.

By the time they had left their 3rd shop both girls were getting nice and full. Soph lead Jess to the toilets.

"Ohh no they are closed!" exclaimed Jess "that's a shame. I'll just have to hold it. Besides, I'm near enough dry now!"

"Nope! Even better, there's a disabled toilet over there!" Soph grabbed Jess' wrist and looked around quickly. Noticing that no one was looking she pulled Jess into the large disabled toilet room and sat her down on the toilet.

"Go on hun! I know you have to go!" she exclaimed. "Now you can pee!"

Jess hesistated. Another soaking while still in town! What if people could tell! What if her skirt showed the wet patch more than she thought!

Soph leaned over, slid her fingers under the body suit and pulled it to the side.

"There you go! You won't get your body suit wet now!" Soph smirked as her fingers stretched the damp fabric to the side. "Now pee!"

Jess huffed and released her pussy muscles. Soph watched as the trickle of pee cascaded out through the front of Jess' panties and tights.

"Mmmmm you're going to taste sooooo good tonight baby! I bet that feels like heaven!"

"Mhmm!" was all Jess could manage to get out. Her pussy throbbing with unwanted excitement in somewhere this public! "You promise you will lick me clean Soph?"

"Of course I will!" Replied Soph "How can I resist your gorgeous little pussy!"

Jess wiggled slightly as if that would help dry her self. Soph gently slid the bodysuit back across her wet pussy and watched as she stood up.

"You're so gorgeous Jess! You know that?"

Jess giggled a bit and kissed Soph.

"My turn to pee!" Soph exclaimed. She lifted her skirt, sat on the toilet, pulled her panties to the side and released. The jet was strong and made a powerful noise. Jess watched as little drips trickled down either side of Sophs pussy lips and dropped down into the toilet alongside the huge torrent. Almost as fast as the flow started, it ended. The second it did Soph snapped her panties back across her sopping wet pussy and smiled at Jess.

"Woops! Looks like she's going to be a pissy little mess all day as well!" She reached for Jess' hand and gently slid it down the front of her panties. Jess could feel Soph's hot, wet little pussy lips against her fingers. She slid them up and down between her puffy flaps. Soph then pulled Jess' hand out from between her legs, lifted it to her face and gently sucked Jess' pissy fingers.

"I taste so good! I can see why you like eating me so much!"

Jess giggled with excitement. She was going to make a right mess of her panties today that was for sure!

*006*2019-05-18 14:23

Within minutes of her second soaking Jess found her self being wisked away by Soph.

"Where are we going now?" She quized as she hurried through the shopping centre, her pissy panties clinging to her delicate pussy.

"Cinema! If we get there in 15 minutes we can get there before the film starts!"

Jess had no idea what film. She didn't care. What it meant to her was that Soph would be ordering the largest possible drink for her again, and she would be spending the next 2 hours of so sat comfortably with her pissy pussy clamped between her crossed legs. She loved sitting in a cinema with a wet pussy. No one could ever notice!

The girls hurried through the centre ariving at the ticket desk just in time. They bought their tickets and moved onto the food and drink stall.

"One large lemonade, one medium coke, and two sugar popcorns please" Said Soph to the polite lady behing the counter.

Jess once again glanced at Soph. Her pussy throbbed with excitement knowning full well that it would be getting yet another soaking as soon as this film had finished!

The girls walked into the dark cinema, both of their pussies damp with their naughty actions earlier in the day. They found them selves the most secluded spot and settled into their seats. Sitting cross legged with a little wet pair of panties was one of Jess' favorite positions to be in. She loved when she crossed her legs as her pussy lips were pressed tightly together, often clamping her wet panties, and her throbbing clit, tightly between her flaps.

Jess didn't really pay much attention to how much she was drinking, which was unfortunate as she suddenly noticed she had finished near enough half of her entire large drink before the film had even started!

"I feel so naughty not wiping my pussy when I pee Jess" whispered Soph to tease her.

"Shhhhh Soph! People might hear!"

"Oh you love it Jess! I bet your little pussy feels amazing clamped between those sexy legs all warm and wet!"

"Shhhh!!!" Jess' shush was rather loud. Soph realised she was actually annoying Jess a little and shut up.

Throughout the film Jess changed positions many times. Every single shift she felt her soft wet little pussy lips rub against her throbbing pissy clit. She was so turnd on and so damp and the bodysuit was making damn sure that her pissy panties and tights were clamped tightly against her wet lips. Suddenly she felt Soph put her hand on her lower tummy.

"Have you gotta pee yet Jess?" she whispered.

"No! Snapped Jess "Now sush! People might hear!"

"You definitely do! I can feel your bladder bulge!" Soph whispered again as she pressed firmly on Jess' lower tummy.

Jess felt her bladder spasm and she clamped her pee hole tight. It had only been an hour and a half since her last pee but 1.5l of lemonade was rushing through her body into her bladder and she was filling very fast!

By the end of the film both girls were really rather desperate. The line for the toilets though was massive and Soph couldn't be bothered to wait.

"Where are we going Soph? The toilets are over there!" exclaimed Jess. "I have to pee! And I'm sure you do too!"

"We're going to the pub. I know a lovely one with a garden just outside of the town."

The girls hurried to the nearest bus stop. Both of their bladders were aching like crazy and Jess was nervous as hell about getting on a bus.

"This bus better hurry up Soph!"

"It'll be here in a minute! We are only on it for like 10 minutes Jess."

The bus finally arrived. They both hurried on with their bladders desperately warning them that it was a bad idea. Every bump was torture for them both! Finally the bus arrived at the stop and they hurried off and rushed to the pub. Once there, Jess was in for a shock. Instead of hurrying to the toilet Soph pulled her up to the bar and made her stand next to her.

"Did you think you were going to get to pee in a toilet Jess?" whispered Soph. Jess just stared at her and focussed on keeping her pee hole clamped firmly shut. "Once we have our drinks we can go out and sit in the sun!"

Soph ordered two large coctails and the girls practically ran outside into the garden. They both settled opposite each other on a bench. It was tucked away in the corner of the beer garden, surrounded on two sides by a tall hedge. Soph slid her skirt out from under her bum and Jess did the same. They both glanced around. Soph knew Jess was just going to pee her self, and she was preparing to do the same!

"I'm going Jess" Said Soph her eyes wide with excitement. Jess quickly looked under the table. There was a glistening pee waterfall splashing onto the grass under Soph. "Oh my god that feels soooo much better!"

"You haven't even pulled your panties over Soph!" Jess whispered, her clit throbbing with excitement again.

"Couldn't be bothered Jess. They'll dry in no time!"

Jess tingled, her pussy was begging to be relieved now and her clit wanted to be played with as well! As soon as Soph had finished, Jess felt her self explode. A wave of pee flooded through her panties and tights, soaking the crotch of her bodysuit yet again. Soph looked under the table and watched as her gorgeous girlfriend bathed her pussy in hot pee for the 3rd time of the day.

Unknown to Jess, Soph had slid her bare feet out of her converse under the bench. She leaned back slightly, stretched both her legs out and placed her soft bare feet directly under the waterfall from Jess. Instantly she felt the hot pee pouring all over her soft little feet and toes.

"Woops! You're getting my feet all wet Jess!" Jess quickly looked down, she saw Sophs dainty feet directly between her legs and tried to stop the torrent.

"Soph!!! Move your feet!! I can't stop peeing!!"

Soph giggled and watched as Jess tried to stem the flood. There was no way she was stopping a flow that strong.

"I don't care! It feels so good! I have to stomp all the way home with wet little feet now thanks to you!"

"You're so dirty Soph! You really are!"

"Says the girls whos pussy has peed it's self 3 times already today!" Whispered Soph as she slid her pee soaked little feet back into her hot little converse.

*007*2019-05-18 15:57

Soph and Jess sat comfortably in the late afternoon sun for the the next hour or so, sipping through their coctails. Their beautiful little pussies sopping with pee and Sophs delicate little feet all wet and pissy in her converse! At one point Jess braved walking into the pub and ordering another for them both!

"What shall we do next Soph?" Jess asked. "I really should wash my delicate little flower soon! She's been pissy for like 7 hours!"

"Nahhh lets go for some food somewhere. She can wait! Mine is all pissy too and she's not complaining!" Replied Soph.

"You do realise when we get home I'm sitting on your face don't you Soph!"

"Fighting talk Jess! If you do that then you're worshipping my pee soaked little feet for me!"

"That's fine!"

The girls finished off their second coctail and left the beer garden. Walking was getting very difficult for Jess now. Her clit was so swolen and engored that every step rubbed it against her pee damp little panties. She found her self constantly on the edge of squirting her self every time she moved for more than 5 minutes!

"Oooh! Shall we get some fish and chips and go and sit by the river Jess?" asked Soph.

"That sounds perfect!"

They hurried to the chip shop nearby. Standing in the queue wasn't an issue for either of them. They knew even if their little pussies were really pee scented that no one would be able to smell them over the smell of fresh fish and chips.

They walked down the back of the chip shop, down a little alley way and out into a lovely grassy park next to the river. Once again they both settled opposite each other on a park bench and once again Soph exclaimed

"I'm peeing again Jess!"

Jess' clit throbbed with excitement for the millionth time of the day. Again she quickly looked under the table to witness the waterfall splashing from between Sophs gorgeous little legs. This time Soph had her feet tucked under the bench! The torrent of pee was splashing down the backs of her calves and pouring straight into her converse.

"You're feet Soph! You're soaking them! The poor things!"

"They love it Jess! They love being all hot and wet. You know that!"

Jess watched as the last few drips trickled off the edge of the bench and fell to the grass below Soph. This was the 3rd time her little pussy had gotten wet today. She was going to be so stinky and wet by the time they got home! While Jess was still looking under the table Soph crossed her legs. Jess caught a quick glimpse of Sophs sopping panties and then watched as the pee splashed out of the wholes in the side of Sophs converse.

"Hmmmphh. It feels soooooo good to clamp my little wet pussy between my crossed legs Jess! My thighs are pressing so hard on my pee soaked little clit!"

Jess quivered with excitement. She could just picture Sophs perfect little pussy lips glistening with pee being squeezed tight between her legs.

"You know what Soph. You can sit on my face as much as you like. I can't wait to eat that stinky little mess of a pussy!!"

"That's the Jess I know!" Soph tingled between her legs and wiggled her legs so her clit got massaged a bit.

Jess sat eating for a while before she decided to relieve her self again. Her poor pussy had been soaked 3 times already and she wanted to at least have just a damp pussy for a little while!

Once she had finished she decided to be extra naughty! This time she was going to soak her self properly! She stood up next to the bench. Soph watched with excitement. Suddenly a loud hissing noise erupted from between her legs. She shivered as the hot pee soaked her panties and tights, flooding down between her sexy legs and pouring down into her boots. The relief felt heavenly. Soph watched as Jess totally filled her ankle boots with pee, right up to the point that they overflowed.

"My cute little bare feet are soaked Sophie! You better worship them for me tonight!"

"Of course I will! I can't belive you just fully wet your self!!"

"We can just stay here till my tights are dry then walk home."

"That sounds good to me hun!"

Jess settled back onto the bench opposite Soph. Her delicate feet still submerged in hot pee in her boots.

"Are you going to empty the pee out of your boots Jess?"

"Not just yet! They feel so good all hot and wet!"

They sat and talked for around 45 minutes. Constantly coming back to the subject of the fact that Jess had peed her self 4 times today. Once they were satisfied that Jess had dried enough she slipped both her boots off one at a time and tipped the pee out, after all, walking for 30 minutes or so with pee filled boots would be very obvious to passers by!

The walk home was a total tease for Jess. Her pissy lips slipped passed each other, lubricated by her pee and pussy juice. Her throbbing clit was constantly being massaged by her stinky pussy lips and she was right on the verge of coming the entire way home!

Once they had got home Soph instantly pulled Jess up in to the bedroom. She pulled Jess' boots off and began worshipping her soaked little feet! She loved how soft and well kept Jess' little feet were and she had been aching to worship them all day!

Once she had finished she sat on the bed next to Jess.

"Do you want to smell my pussy Jess?" She asked as she pulled her skirt down from around her waist.

"Why wouldn't it?!" Instantly Jess slid off the bed and knelt down between Sophs legs, her head perfectly level with Sophs wet panties.

Soph gently pulled her panties to the side and Jess leaned in.

"Mmmmm Soph! She's so perfectly cute and delicate! She smells so goood! Can I lick her clean please?"

Soph nodded and pulled her panties full down still leaving her pissy converse on her gorgeous feet.

"Go for it baby!"

Instantly Jess dived in, he tongue lapping excitedly at her girlfriends beautiful pee scented pussy. She was determined to lick every last part of Sophs stinky pussy clean and in doing so she made sure that Soph received a serious wave of pleasure. Jess calmed down a little, and then gently spread Sophs glistening lips apart with her fingers.

"Your little pee hole looks so dainty and soft Soph. It's amazing how strong that little thing is!"

"She is tough! She's had plenty of training from you!"

Jess then leaned back in, this time making a point of gently carressing Sophs delicate little pee hole. There was something extra sexy about purposly licking her girlfriend where her pee came out that really excited Jess.

"You taste heavenly baby!" whispered Jess, pausing between each incredibly well controlled lick. "I could spend a whole day doing this knowing how good it makes you feel!"

Soph put her hands on the back of Jess' head and pushed her firmly into her pussy.

"Finish me Jess!" Begged Soph.

The next few minutes passed by quickly for both girls. Wave after wave of pleasure over came Soph until eventually she couldn't control her self and her sexy little pussy errupted with excitement sending a huge torrent of squirt into Jess' mouth!

"Holy crap Jess! That was amazing!"

"I can tell! I'm soaked!"

Soph giggled. She invited Jess into the bathroom and watched as she washed her face clean.

Soph then got her self snuggled into bed. Totally ignoring the fact that she should have washed her pissy little feet! She quite liked the idea of sleeping with little pissy toes that Jess had peed on! It was getting quite late by this time and Jess was still in her pissy clothes.

"Aren't you going to wash your little feet Soph?"

"Nah, I can't be bothered. They will be okay till tomorrow."

"In that case I can't be bothered either!" exclaimed Jess as she began undressing her self in front of Soph.

"What do you mean Jess?"

"Well I can't be bothered to get showered or cleaned up either."

Quickly Soph realised what Jess was doing. She was going to go to bed without even washing her stinky pissy pussy! How dirty! How naughty!!! Soph patted the bed next to her.

"Come here my dirty little cutie! Sit that gorgeous wet little butt on the bed next to me!"

Jess quickly pulled her tights and panties down, revealing her soft, beautiful pussy. She jumped onto the bed next to Soph and settled her self next to her totally naked. She took Sophs hand and gently placed it onto her throbbing pussy and began massaging her self with Sophs hand.

"You feel so soft... So wet.... So delicate" Said Soph.

"Mhhmmm!" murmered Jess. It was at this point she removed Sophs hand from her throbbing pussy.

She slid her self under the covers next to Soph and got comfy.

"I suppose you can tell I have no intention of washing my delicate little pussy tonight can't you Soph."

"I thought as much. Every time I think I have found your limits, you do something even more dirty!"

"I know. I love it!"

Jess snuggled up to Soph. She rolled onto her side and tucked one of her legs up on top of Soph and then slid her self as close as possible, firmly pressing her stinky pissy pussy against Sophs thigh. She gently humped her soft pee soaked lips against Soph until she nodded off. Her poor pussy resigned to the fact that she would be spending at least the next 8 hours all pissy and scented. Soph fell asleep shortly after. She was planning a naughty surprise for Jess when she woke up!

*009*2019-05-19 08:03

Jess was awoken suddenly the next morning. Strangely she found that she could barely move. A few seconds past as her eyes regained focus only to find that Soph was knelt, totally naked, stradled across her.

"Soph?! What are you doing?!"

Soph didn't reply. It was then that Jess felt a hot sensation between her legs. Soph had poised her self directly above Jess' naked, still pissy pussy and had released her pee hole, sending a hot jet of pee directly at Jess puffy flaps!

"SOPH!"

Soph giggled. Jess lay, trapped beneath Jess as the torrent of hot pee tickled her soft lips. The hot fluid was managing to trickle down between her lips, trickling over her throbbing pissy clit.

Jess was struggling to contain her excitement. She wrapped her arms around Soph and grabbed her sexy butt and pulled her firmer down on top of her. At the same time she opened her legs as wide as she could, spreading her puffy lips open and focusing more of Sophs pee directly between her flaps and onto her pulsating clit. She couldn't even think straight, this was the hottest thing she had ever experienced!

Jess just lay there, in a totally soaked bed, as the last few drops of Sophs pee dripped onto her pussy. She didn't know what to do! Soph leaned forward, lowering her self on top of Jess.

"Was that nice?"

"YES!! HEAVEN, AMAZING" Jess barely strung a sentace together. Soph leaned in and began kissing Jess cute lips.

"Do you want to do it to me?" She whispered into Jess ear.

"Are you serious?"

"Of course I am. I want to feel how that felt to you."

Jess let out an excited little squeek as Soph climbed off her.

Soph got her self as comfy as she could in the already soaked bed.

"I can't believe you laying in your pee Soph!" Giggled Jess as she positioned her self on top of Soph's wet body.

"It's weirdly exciting and naughty feeling." replied Soph. She watched with excitement as Jess positioned her stinky pussy above her own. "We really should get you all cleaned up. That pussy hasn't been washed for like 20 hours and it's wet its self like 5 times!"

"She's a stinky mess isn't she Soph!"

"Yes she is. Still gorgeous though!"

It was at this point that Jess relaxed her delicate pee hole. Soph wriggled and squeeked as the hot spurt sprayed directly at her pissy clit.

"OH WOW!" she blurted out. The pee now tricking down between her puffy lips. "Ohhhh!! Jess you're such a good aim!" She reached around and grabbed Jess firm butt and squeezed it tight.

For 30 seconds Jess' flow was totally uninterrupted. Just an endless, perfectly aimed jet spraying directly at Sophs throbbing pussy.

"That was amazing" whispered Soph as the last little trickles left Jess stinky pussy. "We have to do that more often!"

"I'm glad you liked it!" whispered Jess as she lowered her self down into a cuddle with Soph.

"We should get you cleaned up Jessy!"

"Not just yet Soph. I want to make it a full 24 hours with a pissy pussy"

"You're so dirty!!" she said as she tickled Jess.

"I know! I can't help it!" Jess got up out of the wet bed, slid her wet little feet into her fluffy slippers and wrapped her self in her dressing gown. "Just two and a half hours Soph and she will have been pissy for 24 hours! Look at her, so naughty but yet still so cute and yummy looking." she flashed Soph her gorgeous pussy and then wrapped her self back up.

"She is. The stinky little cutie!" Whispered Soph as she climbed out of the soaking bed, her own pussy still dripping with Jess' pee. "We've ruined that matress!"

"I know! We needed a new one anyway." She shouted back as she headed down the stairs, her pussy lips tingling and wet between her sexy legs.

