Widowmaker's Dilemma (Overwatch)

Author: JackFrost16

*000*2019-11-24 23:05

Widowmaker was standing on a rooftop in King's Row. She was looking out for anybody trying to attack the point from the flank. She felt like she had been there forever. Still she had seen no one. She was aware of a small tingle in her bladder and realized she hadn't used the bathroom in a while. She quickly dismissed the thought. She could hold it.

As Widowmaker looked down from her perch she saw a flash of movement in the distance. As she scoped in she saw a huge grey form flying straight at her. Winston! As the gorilla flew at her with his jetpack she knew she had to move, but her legs were locked. She couldn't move. Finally, as Winston drew closer she snapped out of her trance.

She used her grappling hook to fly to the neighboring rooftop. Winston followed closely behind. After a few tense minutes of fighting, Widowmaker realized this was a battle she could not win. She used her hook again and this time Winston turned around. For now she was safe.

After the adrenaline left her body she realized her other problem had gotten worse. She had to use the bathroom much more desperately at this point. Still, the need was not too pressing and Widow felt like she could wait.

After almost two hours of fighting she felt differently. She could barely foucus and was missing all of her shots. Suddenly, her bladder spasmed and she felt a small leak shoot into her panties. Quickly, she dropped her weapon and shoved her hands between her legs. When the situation calmed down she looked for damage. Luckily there was no visible stain. Unlukily, Widowmaker felt like she was about to burst. She needed to go, now.

The fighting still showed no sign of stopping but it didn't matter. She had to find a toilet or she was going to have a huge and embarrassing accident.

Ten minuted of searching and she had found nothing. She was bent almost double out of desperation. Her hands were permanently between her thighs. Ever second was torture.

Fuck! she thought as another leak shoot out. This time she could see a small wet patch on the crotch of her pants. She couldn't hold it much longer.

No, No, No! she thought. One more spurt came out and then that was it. All her stored pee started rushing out of her at an alarming rate. She could feel it running down her legs and leaving wet streaks behind. As it formed a puddle around her feet she gave up.

She finally relaxed and felt immediate relief. Her piss was a torrent she couldn't stop. She felt all down her legs and around her ass. Her legs were completely soaked. Widowmaker looked around at the mess she had made in despaire. She had well and truly wet herself. Her pants were ruined and so was her pride.

She desperatly needed a shower.

