Will and Ashleyэs Shopping Trip

Author: jb2ja

*000*2016-03-17 21:07

The following is a variation on a theme I previously employed in Mark and Stacey in the Big City

.

It contains both male and female desperation and peeing, as well as more graphic/explicit content than the Mark and Stacey story. (Nothing approaching intercourse of any kind, but certainly more of a sexual spin.)

Will and Ashley's Shopping Trip

=======

Will and Ashley sat in the food court of the student union, grabbing something to eat before the night's shopping trip. Ashley had been looking forward to a special extended-hours, late-night sale that evening at Annabelle's, a high-end women's clothing shop that was normally rather outside of her budget. To Will, of course, going clothes shopping with his girlfriend was not the most exciting of all possible outings; but Ashley didn't want to miss the sale and preferred not to go out alone at night. So she'd talked him into joining her. She promised him she'd figure out all of the logistics, which really only amounted to a twenty-ish minute bus ride taking them a few towns over. All he had to do was show up. She'd even buy him dinner before they left. It was for that reason that the two were each now enjoying a burger and fries and a large cola.

“Maybe you'll find something you'd like me to wear,” Ashley suggested playfully as she pulled out her phone to check the time.

“Maybe,” Will replied with a grin. Sensing that his soda had begun to make its presence known in his bladder, Will shifted to more practical considerations. “I should hit the bathroom before we go,” he remarked, getting out of his chair to address the matter.

Ashley interrupted his plan, though, with a sudden discovery. “Shit, is it 8 o'clock already? The bus leaves in one minute. We gotta go,” she told him urgently. And the two set off at a half jog to the bus stop out front, tossing their food wrappers in the trash can without so much as breaking stride.

Sixty seconds later, Will and Ashley were sitting on the bus that would take them to Annabelle's.

“That was close,” Ashley breathed a sigh of relief as the bus pulled back onto the street moments after they boarded. “This bus only runs every few hours,” she explained, “We'd have missed the whole sale if we didn't catch it now.”

“Wouldn't that be a shame,” Will joked.

“You won't say that if you find something sexy for me to wear,” she smiled back. She was primarily on the market for clothing of the variety she could wear in public; but if she should happen to encounter something particularly agreeable for the bedroom then she wouldn't necessarily pass it up.

As the bus meandered down the street, Ashley's thoughts turned toward their missed restroom opportunity. She felt a bit responsible for cutting Will off before he could relieve himself. She really should have been watching the clock more closely. But they could both address that as soon as they got to their destination - Ashley's bladder was sending its own signals that a chance to empty itself would be most welcome.

After the bus came to rest at their stop, Will and Ashley disembarked and headed toward the entrance to Annabelle's. It was an older building of modest size, separate but not far removed from the more modern-looking mall that formed the remainder of the surrounding shopping center. The mall itself was closed at this hour; but, true to its advertisement of tonight's sale, Annabelle's was still lit up in welcome of customers.

The act of walking drew Will's attention back to the volume of fluid building between his legs. It wasn't urgent quite yet, but he was definitely approaching a full tank. “Do you think we could find a restroom before we start shopping?,” he asked.

“Definitely,” Ashley agreed wholeheartedly. “I really have to pee too after all that soda - I'm sorry I didn't keep a better eye on the time before.”

Some part of Will secretly enjoyed hearing Ashley say that her bladder was quite full. He had never admitted it to her, but in his mind there was something rather erotic about a beautiful woman who needed to go. Maybe it was the vulnerability. Maybe it was the dutiful submission, even when it wasn't easy, to societal rules about when and where it was permissible to go. Whatever it was, though, that small part of him secretly wished he could delay her just a little longer, make her hold it until she was done shopping. If only his bladder weren't so full too. But, then again, there was something kind of special about knowing she was feeling precisely the same thing. The fullness of the lower abdomen, the tingling of the genitals, the body's impulse to let it flow clashing against the mind's impulse to hold it until the appropriate time. There was something vaguely intimate and exciting about knowing those sensations were shared.

As they made their way to the back of the store, Will and Ashley came across a customer service desk. Just next to it, a door labeled “Women's Restroom” beckoned Ashley with the promise of relief from those joint sensations. But she felt a responsibility to make sure Will was taken care of before she left him to attend to her own need. He'd come along on this trip as a favor to her; he'd been the first to declare that he needed to go; and it was her faulty timekeeping that was the reason he hadn't gotten to a bathroom already. She wasn't about to pop off selfishly now as though her bladder were more important than his. At the very least, she'd make sure he was pointed in the right direction first. Perhaps she'd even walk with him to wherever it was, to make up for the bus-timing hiccup. She didn't see a men's room here, though. Maybe it was at the opposite corner of the store.

“Where's the men's restroom?,” Ashley asked the girl behind the counter.

“Sorry, we don't have one,” the clerk replied. She started to open her mouth again as though to continue speaking, but hesitated. “We normally direct male customers to the restrooms in the main mall,” she explained after a moment's pause, “but I guess they wouldn't be open this late.”

“How can you have a ladies' room but not a men's room?”, Ashley asked.

“I didn't design the building,” the clerk told her, her hands trying to wave away any responsibility for the situation.

“Well, can he just use the ladies' room then?,” Ashley asked, gesturing at Will, trying to think of some way around this absurd situation.

The clerk shook her head, summoning a sympathetic look that Ashley was quite sure was completely fake. “I'm afraid that's against store policy.”

This put rather a monkey wrench in Ashley's relief plan. The two walked away in a combination of annoyance and disbelief. They asked a couple other employees - surely this couldn't be right - but all gave the same answer: No men's room here. Nowhere for Will to let it out. But if Ashley would like to use the ladies' room then it would be no trouble at all.

“Can you wait until we get back to my place?,” Ashley asked him, flabbergasted that such a situation could even exist. “The next bus will be here in less than two hours.” Two hours, she thought to herself, I say it as though it's a short time.

“Um, maybe...” Will replied, unsure of himself. He was already getting pretty uncomfortable, that tingling feeling in the base of his penis pestering him for permission to let things flow. But it seemed he didn't have much choice - at least, not unless he wanted to pee outside in plain view of everybody. And that was not an option he was eager to embrace. “Well, do you want to go, at least?,” he asked Ashley, trying to maintain some measure of decorum.

“When they won't let you go?,” she replied with the appropriate hint of outrage in her voice. “No, that wouldn't be very fair,” she told him, “I'll hold it in too.”

Although, logically, Ashley's decision did nothing to resolve his situation, Will found her solidarity to be surprisingly heartening. They were in this together. Two bladders fighting side by side to hold back the flood. And even if needing to go himself wasn't quite the fantasy he'd had in mind earlier, the fact that Ashley's needed it too at least promised to make this a lot more entertaining than the dull shopping trip he'd originally expected.

“Aww, thanks,” Will said, giving her a hug to thank her for the support. His hand wandered briefly to her firm buttocks as he undressed her in his mind. He pictured her legs, squeezed together just a bit more tightly than usual, her pubic region bulging just the tiniest bit, made firm by the contents of an expanding bladder that begged to unleash itself in a forceful stream from her vulva but was reluctantly kept at bay out of sympathy for his penis that wanted so much to do the same. He wondered how far that solidarity would go. Would she really hold it all the way home for him?

Could she? He knew from experience that Ashley could hold an astonishing amount of pee. He'd never summoned the nerve to ask to be present for the unleashing of said volume; but he'd be lying if he said he hadn't wandered a bit closer to the bathroom door than was strictly necessary on a particular occasion when she'd offhandedly admitted to being somewhat desperate. And the memory of what he'd heard through that door was not helping to distract him from his situation. It had been a strong, steady flow that seemed to last for nearly a minute. Even so, though, two hours was an awfully long time to hold a full bladder, for either of them.

Ashley tried to distract the both of them by wandering through the racks to see what was on sale, trying to keep a conversation going about what would and wouldn't look good on her. She went into the fitting rooms to try on some items that she would never buy, but were tight and/or revealing enough to at least give Will something to distract him from the increasing distress signals he was clearly receiving from his overfull bladder. Her own sensation of fullness was becoming equally distressing. It felt a little unnatural, holding all that liquid inside of her when there was a bathroom she could use not fifty feet away. And with every dressing and undressing motion, her bladder reminded her of that fact. She wanted so badly to just let it out. But she felt responsible for them not having had a chance to pee back at the union.

And the unfairness to Will seemed almost unforgivable. He needed to go too; and the idea of leaving him behind as she waltzed into the ladies room tugged at her conscience. It wasn't as though she'd never envied Will's male advantage as she stood in line to pee while he sailed through the men's room. But the injustice here went beyond that. They outright didn't have a men's room, as though men were some kind of animal that didn't deserve to be treated as human beings, as though having a pair of tits made her a member of a privileged class that deserved to pee while he didn't. She didn't like the message that sent to Will. And she didn't like what using that ladies' room would say about herself. If the store didn't have a bathroom they could both use, then for all intents and purposes it just didn't have a bathroom at all.

As she slipped out of a tight black dress that actually looked quite nice on her - she'd probably have seriously considered buying it if she weren't so angry at Annabelle's at this point - the pressure behind her urethra seemed to reach the tipping point. This was no longer merely unpleasant; she was running out of time quickly. Her body begged her to just stop fighting it. Her bladder spasmed in insistence that the time had come for release. And it took every ounce of her strength to keep it all from pouring out of her right then and there. She needed more than anything to run into that bathroom and piss. Will needed it too, no doubt, but what was she supposed to do? She imagined they were together in one of the bathroom stalls, their bodies naked and exposed to the cool air. She imagined Will squirming, shifting, squeezing his penis to fight the exact same losing battle that she was, to stem the flow that wanted nothing more than to just gush from their bodies.

And she imagined making him watch while she hovered over that toilet taking the piss of her lifetime. She'd never thought of peeing as an erotic experience, but some part of her found this little fantasy surprisingly appealing. She pictured Will cringing at the start of her thick stream, desperately doubling over as the sight and sound of it triggered a me-too response in his tortured penis. Can't I go too?, Imaginary Will seemed to ask. Not allowed, Imaginary Ashley shook her head. I'll wait until you're done, Imagine-Will pleaded, his hand over his crotch as he hopped from one foot to the other like a small child; I'm trying to hold it like you said but I don't think I can wait much longer. Imagine-Ashley gave him a sympathetic look. I know it's hard but this toilet isn't for you, she told him; and she just kept peeing.

The tiniest drop of urine escaped into Ashley's panties, pulling her back from this strange, masochistic fantasy her mind had built. Did she need to pee so badly that she was becoming delirious? She would never treat another person like that - and, of all people, certainly not Will. But as she hobbled out of the changing room to rejoin him, was the course of action she was contemplating really so different? He wouldn't be in the bathroom with her, granted. He wouldn't have to watch. But if she went in there then it still boiled down to I'm-going-to-pee-and-you-can't. It would be wrong.... Right? No matter how badly she had to go, it wasn't as though he didn't need it badly too.

What if he didn't need to go anymore? What if she suggested he go piss outside while she used the bathroom? Would that be fair? Or at least as fair as she could make it? She pictured Will hobbling through the parking lot by himself, trying to find some semblance of privacy while she peed in the relative comfort of a proper restroom. No, that wouldn't do. It was her fault that he was even in this situation, her lousy timing with the transportation schedule. What if they both peed outside? That would be fair, wouldn't it? If she had to pull down her pants and expose her butt for the world to see and be just as vulnerable as he was - more so, in fact - then that would make it even, wouldn't it? A bathroom for both of us or none at all, she remembered her previous resolution. It had sounded better when the plan was to hold it until they got home. God, she'd give anything for just two minutes in that ladies' room. She bit her lip, casting a desperate look in its direction.

Will sensed what Ashley was thinking. It wasn't hard to guess. He'd watched her go from uncomfortable to downright desperate during the course of the evening, all in the name of being fair to him. And as much as Will had secretly enjoyed watching her squirm, he cared too much about her to let the torture continue any longer. Yes, he urgently needed to pee. But so did she. And at this very moment, it seemed clear that she couldn't hold it anymore and he could - if only for a little while longer. And, as much as she'd tried to take a principled stand against it, the fact of the matter right now was that she had a chance to go and he didn't. They were both going to have to figure something out before they caught the bus, anyway - it wasn't as though either of them were going to make it home in this condition. Under the circumstances, they might as well start with her.

“Go ahead, it's okay,” he told her. “You can pee; I'll wait here.”

“But I promised we were in this together,” Ashley objected unsurely, curtseying slightly as a thousand ambivalent thoughts continued to race through her mind.

“And you've made a more than reasonable effort to uphold it,” he assured her. “But there's no sense in both of us having an accident. Besides,” he tried to play it cooler than he actually felt, “I can hold it a little longer; we'll figure something out for me when you get back.”

Ashley sensed that Will was nearer to his limit than he was letting on. It wasn't fair to leave him. It wasn't fair to take advantage of this gross injustice of opportunity. Still, she felt as though a torrent of piss were going to come shooting out of her at any moment. Surely solidarity had its limits, she told herself as she poised herself to abandon her desperate boyfriend. “Ohmygod, thank you,” she kissed him. She wanted to hold it for him, she really did. But, to the close observer, her pants already had a small wet patch. And there was no way she was going to make it home without that small patch turning into a very large one. “I'll be super quick,” she promised, grateful for his understanding. “And then the second I'm done we'll figure out somewhere you can pee”, she added emphatically, shooting off toward the bathroom before Will could even respond.

Ashley entered the restroom to find its only stall occupied and three more women already waiting ahead of her. Fuck, she thought, this is not what either of us needed right now. She imagined Will, pacing around anxiously outside, not knowing the reason for the delay. She thought about popping back out to tell him; but another woman joined the line behind her. She couldn't afford to give up her spot now. “Any chance I could cut the line?,” she implored those ahead of her with a pained expression that carried the weight of both her need and Will's.

Meanwhile, Will was trying his best not to resent her. The bathroom disparity wasn't her fault, he reminded himself. And she'd made a more than honest effort to stand by his side. The sentiment had been every bit as touching as the act had been exciting for him. Still, there was something surprisingly rattling about the power imbalance that started the moment she stepped into that bathroom. He couldn't help but picture what Ashley was doing in there - what she could do and he couldn't. He imagined her jiggling a bit with anticipation as she fashioned a seat cover out of toilet paper; pulling her pants and panties down in a single, fluid motion. For half a moment, the thought of her exposed hind end - one of her sexiest physical attributes, in his opinion - actually managed to distract him.

As a carnal impulse flicked though his mind, he wished he could be in there with her. Then, as a spasm of his bladder pulled him back to reality, he remembered an altogether more pressing reason that he really wished he were in there with her right now. The Ashley of his imagination began to piss with a fervor that sent his hand down to his crotch, squeezing his penis to resist the impulse to do the same. He imagined the roaring stream that he'd once heard through a bathroom door, the even greater roar that must have been pouring out of her desperate body at that very moment - and with his blessing, no less. She really needed it, he tried to remind himself. I do too, his penis seemed to reply as a small drop of urine escaped.

In the real world, Ashley's endeavor to empty her bulging bladder was going a bit less picture-perfectly than Will's imagination had painted it. The women in front of her were eager to return to the night's shopping and had been less than fully sympathetic to her pleas. What's more, the line hadn't budged an inch since she'd first joined it. Even if they had let her cut, she'd still just be waiting outside that stall. She tapped her foot anxiously. She was pretty good at holding it, but she'd never had to pee this badly in her life.

And every second that she waited made her feel that much more guilty for having left Will alone out there. She got him into this situation; and now he was just waiting, patiently, while she basically taunted him by extricating only herself from the predicament - getting ready to piss a river out of her vulva while his poor cock wasn't allowed to do the same. “Do you have any idea where someone could find a men's restroom around here?,” she asked a younger women, a store employee, who stood behind her in the line.

Will's imagination, meanwhile, painted her furious stream slowing only slightly as her face relaxed into an almost orgasmic expression of relief. He longed for the feeling of that stream passing through his own urethra. Why had he told her it was okay to go? It was one thing to be desperate together; but to be in this state alone? For her to stroll out of that bathroom in a state of utter relief, no longer able to truly sympathize with his need? No longer having any vested interest in finding somewhere he can take the most desperately needed piss of his life? Able to go back to her shopping, even, if she wanted to, and leave him to fend for himself?

He imagined her stream finally slowing to a stop after a short eternity; imagined her gathering a portion of toilet paper to wipe herself; imagined her pulling her pants back up over that amazing ass, buttoning them in front of an abdomen that no longer ached to unleash the torturous load that he still carried. He imagined wistfully the feeling of a freshly-emptied bladder. There was nothing in the world quite like having a pee when you really, truly needed it. His resentment increased as he stood there, still waiting, imagining her to be washing her hands now. Then drying her hands, slowly.

This is what she calls 'super quick'?, he thought with mounting irritation. He was running out of time. What's plan B?, he asked himself, surveying the area. The only option, of course, would be to go outside, to try to find a semi-secluded spot amongst what was otherwise a giant expanse of parking lot that offered rather little protection. God, how long does it take Ashley to pee?, Will wondered, oblivious to the line in which Ashley stood just as desperately as he paced outside. It would be nice to have her along as a lookout; but at this rate he was going to run out of time before she got back. He shuffled his feet, adjusted his pants. He needed to go.

Will was running out of patience. He felt abandoned, angry, violated. His mind kept wandering back to the image of that deluge of pee gushing from between Ashley's legs, the same river that he was supposed to keep pent up just because she'd dragged him to the most idiotic store on the face of the planet. He couldn't help but imagine turning the tables on his leisurely-peeing partner. His mind painted the picture of a room that somehow contained nothing but a urinal - a very small urinal, a tiny cut-out in the wall, something no woman could ever hope to contort herself into such a shape as to utilize.

Something that was just his. And he'd pee into that pathological urinal as she stood there, naked, watching, one leg crossed in front of the other to stem the flood that now he could release and she couldn't. Isn't there anywhere I can pee?, Imagine-Ashley gave him a pathetic look as she twirled around slowly in search, giving him a view of her now-bouncing butt as she tried desperately to hold it in. No, this is the only place, Imagine-Will replied. And he stepped back just a little bit further from the urinal so she could clearly see his stream arcing through the air.

Just then, Ashley emerged from the ladies room that had so cruelly taunted Will while he waited. “Get lost in there, did you?,” Will couldn't help but remarking. It wasn't like him to be short with her - with anyone, really; but this particular combination of an extraordinary need to pee coupled with the knowledge that his own girlfriend had been doing exactly that in this no-men-allowed oasis of a room would be a trying situation for almost anyone.

“I know, I'm sorry, follow me, I have a plan,” she spoke in rapid-fire, not breaking stride as she led him out an emergency-exit-only door (puzzlingly, and despite the sign's promise, an alarm did not sound). He followed her around the back of the building, an area surrounded by parked cars and people loading their purchases. This is her brilliant plan?, Will wondered; but Ashley was moving so quickly at this point that he couldn't voice his criticism and keep up with her at the same time. He had to pee so badly that even walking seemed to require an extraordinary level of concentration.

They rounded yet another corner, and Will saw still more parked cars, more people, and a combination-locked gate - none of which exactly fill him with hope. But without hesitation, Ashley grabbed the lock, turned it to the number 12, flipped it sideways, and gave it a sharp smack against the gate. To Will's surprise, it popped right open. Ashley hurried him inside, pointing to a small storm drain in the cement.

“There,” she said quickly, one hand pointing to the drain while the other closed the door and held it shut. “Pee there.”

Will, grateful now and feeling just a little sorry for his crankiness a moment ago, didn't need to be told twice. He pulled out his penis and tried to pee, still huffing and puffing a bit from the walk to the blessed storm drain. He struggled for a moment, as though his system had been holding it for so long that it couldn't understand it was okay to go now.

“It's okay, just relax and breathe slowly,” Ashley coached him, speaking more slowly now. Will tried to collect himself; and after an embarrassingly long pause (“It's okay, just breathe,” Ashley reiterated) a slow trickle and, eventually, a strong stream flowed from his member into the drain. Ashley bounced a bit from one foot to the other, as though anxious for something; but Will was far too distracted to take notice. Eventually, his stream died down. He stopped, paused a moment, started up again, stopped again.

“All done?,” Ashley asked him in an anxious tone that Will was again too preoccupied to pick up on.

He let out one last spurt, zipped up his fly, and declared “Yes, all done.”

“Good, stand here, hold the door shut,” Ashley instructed him, slipping back into her rapid-fire rhythm.

“Okay...?,” Will replied, holding the door shut in a fashion that more nearly resembled collapsing against it in relief than deliberately holding it shut per se. But it got the job done.

Will returned his gaze to Ashley only to see her pull her pants and underwear down to her shoes in a single motion so quickly executed that it was scarcely more than a blur. In another blur, she was hanging onto a support rail, beginning to unleash a torrent of piss that put Will's to shame even before gravity had finished pulling her into position.

“I thought you did that already?,” Will asked, confused and at the same time transfixed by the most amazing view he'd ever seen. That girl could pee like a champion.

“The line was too long,” Ashley explained. “Besides,” she grinned, still peeing furiously, “I promised I'd hold it in until we could both go.”

*006*2016-08-11 00:03

Thank you for the positive reception.

The story may have escaped your notice the first time around because I am a trial member and posts of this length can take some time to get approved (thus scrolling pretty far down the page - or even to the next page - before they become public). After a few more posts I will no longer be subject to this delay.

*009*2016-09-10 14:12

{{15 hours ago, John Cena69 said:

Anyone notice the Fresh Prince reference? haha Was it a coincidence?

}}

I had not noticed that. It was not intentional.

