The football girls

Author: Joey1234

*000*2020-05-05 00:02

Hey guys this is my new series that I am going to be working on for a while hope you guys enjoy as I've discontinued the previous threads I was working on (and for anyone who's wondering this is British football not American football)

Part 1

At approximately 10am an alarm sounded in a bedroom waking 15yr old Amy from her bed. In truth she didnt want to wake up but she had to as she had the one thing she never looked forward to, football practice. She dragged herself out of bed and slowly dragged her body into the bathroom to get showered and dressed as she had to be at the pitch by 11.30. After her shower she made her her way into her bedroom to get changed into her kit which had been laid out the night before. She then got herself ready to go and took a moment to admire herself in the mirror. She stared at herself in her black and white football kit and noticed that one of her short brown hairs was laying on her shorts and quickly brushed it off before heading downstairs.

She arrived in her kitchen to meet her mother who was already making her breakfast, as always her mother complemented how good her daughter looked in her kit. Amy smiled back at her mom and greeted her as usual it was her mom who convinced her to join the team, not like Amy's mother forced her to do it though she always made it clear that she was fee to quit at anytime she wanted the only reason she didnt quit was to avoid dissapointing her mother. Amy sat down at her kitchen table whilst her mother brought her breakfast to her which she quickly ate as it was already 11.00. Before she left for the pitch she also had a tall glass of orange juice and grabbed a bottle of water before jumping in her mums car to be taken to football practice.

Whilst Amy was being driven to football she had realised one crucial thing that she had forgotten to do before she left the house and that thing was, use the toilet. See Amy's football coach was a woman in her early 40's named Mrs Peters and overall she was a good coach but if there was one thing Amy hated about Mrs Peters it was her bathroom policy. See Mrs Peters didnt allow any bathroom breaks during practice which lasted two and a half hours, there were bathrooms on site but they remained locked even for the youngest players who were about eight though to be fair the younger girls practice was not as long, she could'nt remember exactly how long as it had been years since she ws on shorter practice times she just knew it was shorter than her's.

Now Amy never had bladder problems but waiting over two and a half hours to pee when she would be constantly drinking water to stay hydrated would make any girl's bladder tremeble especially when the last time you peed was the night before, infact she had actually peed herself on her first ever practice because she was'nt aware of the bathroom policy, she could remember standing in line for the toilet with basically her whole team as nearly everyone had to pee, her body trembling her hands dug in her crotch until her body gave in and pee burst out of her pee hole full force soaking her pants and shorts and all the while she just stood in the same spot whilst her also desperate teammated just walked around her.

Luckily no one made fun of her as they were all pretty sympathetic of her situation and the very next day someone else wet themselves infact even when they were all 15 accidents were still not uncommon among the team due to her crazy bathroom policy infact one of the girls had gotten so desperate that she had peed in her water bottle during break she didnt even run away behind a wall she just sat away from everyone else pulled her shorts down and peed in her bottle whilst the coach wasnt looking. In fact in Amy's seven years of playing for the team there was only one girl who hadnt peed herself ever and that girl was Amy's good friend Samantha, somehow she was always able to hold her pee during the entore practice even if shehad stated that she had to pee at the beggining of practice.

Anyway Amy thought she was okay as she didnt have to pee yet and she thought that she would be fine, unitl her mom pulled up to the parking lot of the pitch when Amy felt that twitching feeling in her abdomen which indicated that a small urge to pee was brewing inside her. Amy was slightly worried by this but hoped that she would forget about it in time. Amy said goodbye to her mom but before she got out her mother gave her a change of clothes to change into if she got muddy by the end of practice as her mother did not like mud in her car. After that her mother wished her luck and then pulled out of the parking lot.

Amy went into to the changing facilities to leave the change of clothes and to meet up with Samantha and another girls who Samantha said was starting today. She made her way into the changing facilities past the toilet, which was now locked. When she entered the changing room she saw that only two girls reamined inside one was Samantha and the other was a girl she didnt recognise, she was a short girls with long black straight hair who was sittibg beside Samantha who was still getting ready.

Amy walked over to the girls and said hi to Samantha whilst also introducing herself to the other girl who's name was Molly the three girls continued talking and eventually Molly asked where the toilets were which is when Amy realised that Samantha forgot to tell her the most important part about the club. The two girls explained to her that the toilets would be locked until the end of practice which was in two and a half hours. Molly was stunned at this and asked if there was any exceptions to which Samantha replied only if your sick, Molly just stood there stunned but then said that she could make it anyway and Amy felt better knowing that she wasnt the only one who needed to pee.

The three girls conversation was interupted by Mrs Peters who knocked on the changing room door to ask if anyone was still in there to which the girls replied that they were leaving now. The three girls walked out to see the face of their coach Mrs Peters who firstly welcomed Molly to the club and lead them to where the rest of the team was waiting. The girls headed over to the rest of the team maknig sure to grab their water bottles before they left as her training sessions were always extremely hard.

The girls went over to the rest of the team and the first thing they started with was a bunch of running exercises which was always what they started with the way these sessions worked is that every 30 minutes thay had a short break to rest and refill their water bottles. During the exercises Amy was able to forget about her bladder mid way through as the pressure had been steadily increasing throughout the first 15 minutes of the training session and by the look of things Amy seemed to have forgotten about her urge to pee aswell it all went well, that was until the first break.

The three girls sat down together and when they did Amy's bladder was starting to send stronger signals that it needed relief, it wasnt anything noticeable or anything that would prevent her from practicing but it was getting worse. While resting Samantha asked Molly how she was holding up to which she responded "good, but I still have to pee though". Amy thought it would be a good time to reveal that she too had to pee to which she replied by saying she felt better knowing someone else was in the same boat as she shifted in place to relieve the pressure a bit whilst Amy did the same. Near the end of the first break Samantha excused herself to go refill her water bottle at the bleachers near the other end of the pitch, even though her bottle was still three quarters of the way full, Samantha always filled up her bottle near the end of break and she never knew why.

Soon the next bit of practice began and the girls started with some basic football drills as always, though this time Amy could still feel her bladder asking to be relieved as it didnt go away during the next fifth of training but it got stronger and she could tell that Molly was having a symiliar experience as she noticed that Molly was getting slower and that she had one hand near her crotch when she wasnt moving, Amy wasnt at that stage yet but she was getting there as she could feel the desperation building up inside her.

At the second break the three girls once again sat together and Amy noticed that Molly had her hands in her crotch she figured Molly must be pretty desperate by now Samantha noticed this and asked both of them if they were okay to which they both replied yes, even though in truth Amy didnt know if she would make it or not as even though she wasnt showing it she was probably as desperate as Molly, as she could feel her full bladder pulsing inside of her begging for release as the third practice stretch began.

The third practice stretch was more painful than the last two as the need in her bladder refused to go away in fact it only got worse as time went on judging by the fact that neither could run as fast as they previously could and Molly seemed to have her hands in her crotch whenever she wasnt moving infact when she was behing Molly she thought she heard a hissing sound and when she turned around Molly was doubled over, Amy guessed she might've leaked or something and in her case she wsnt doing much better as she could feel the swolen bladder begging for release as practice continued.

When the thrid break started Molly was at her limit she just sat there with her hands dug in her crotch praying she wouldnt pee herself and Amy noticed what looked to be a tiny wet stain on her shorts, barely visible confirming that she had leaked earlier. The three girls just sat there talking until Molly suddenly shot up and ran over to the bleachers near the water fountain which were empty by now as the two girls ran after her with Amy going slightly slower due to her very full bladder they saw little wet patches on the dry ground which made them think Molly might be wetting herself. Their suspicion was confirmed when they turned the corner to go behind the bleacher only to see Molly loudly puffing and panting as pee streamed down her legs and through her shorts as she just stood there with a relieved look on her face.

The two girls just stood in shock watching as Molly continued peeing full force into her pants and shorts. When Molly finished peeing panicking ensued not just from Molly but from Amy who's need had only gotten worse from seeing Molly pee herself. Samantha calmed Molly down and told her that it wasnt that visible which it wasnt and since it was so hpt outside they would dry quickly, Amy was another issue though as she was now doubled over her bladder in complete agony as it begged for release as she felt pee pushing against her sphincer, Amy was about to head back to the team when she felt a spurt of pee escape her peehole and dampen her white panties, she quickly doubled over and stood on the spot. Samantha sighed and then spoke up telling her to go under the bleachers.

Slowly Amy ducked inside only to see a small box with a roll of toilet paper inside. Samantha explained to her that when her older sister played for this team they made this little area for the team to go pee during the breaks as they still never allowed toilet breaks, she then said that when she joined the team her older sister took her to this spot with her time when she was very desperate and since all the members of her older sisters team have left Samantha was the only one who knew about it and since the bleachers wre deemed unsafe to use no one came over here and they were pushed back behind the far goal post.

Amy then realised that Samantha wanted her to go pee here which at first she agreed to almost instantly, Amy asked Samantha and Molly to stand back which they did and when the coast was clear Amy quickly lowered her shorts down to her knees and squatted low on the ground, she found it hard to get the flow started at first but soon her pee exited her pee hole, it was slow at first but it then picked up speed at it exited her peehole, Amy sighed in relief as she watched the golden liquid splatter onto the ground as the other two girls waited for her to finish. Amy stream eventually started to die down until it was nothing but a trickle and then nothing.

Amy used one of the available peices of toilet paper to wipe herself dry and quickly got up to greet the other girls who were waiting for her. The girls were about to head back to the pitch but Molly stayed behind as she didnt think her bladder was fully empty and she wanted to make sure. The two girls headed back to the pitch alone and Amy looked back at the bleachers and thought to herself "Training here is gonna be a whole lot easier"

End of part 1

*002*2020-05-05 22:35

{{6 hours ago, ed2 said:

You mean it is football, not American rugby.

Nice story, by the way. Hope to see more.

}}

I've not decided if I want to make this into a series yet but if anyone wants to see that it'd be great to get some ideas

*003*2020-05-06 21:11

Hey guys so originally I wasnt sure if I would continue this, but since its been pretty well recieved im gonna turn this into a series

Part 2

It was now a week later and the girls soccer practice had just concluded leaving Amy, Samantha and Molly to wait for Amy's mom to pick them up as they were all going to go out for dinner together. As the girls sat there in the warm sun waiting for their ride Molly brought up a question to Samantha which went like this. "Hey Samantha how'd you find out about the area under the bleachers".Samantha was a silent for a second and then got into telling the story of how she found out about it.

The story started about 7 years ago when Samantha was new the football team and had only been going for a few weeks. Her older sister Rose was already on the team and she was getting ready to head for practice. Before she got out the door Samantha's mother asked her if she needed to use the bathroom to which both girls said no. Rose said no because her team already knew about the area under the bleachers but Samantha had a different reason for not going. See she had noticed how her sister was able to hold her pee throughout the entite practice without going beforehand compared to her who was always bursting for the toilet by the end of practice where as Rose didnt look like she had to go at all.

Being the impressionable younger sister Samantha looked up to the strong bladder of her sister and wanted to try holding it for the entirety of her teams one and a half hour practice, which she had thought seemed a bit long and even her mother had expressed concerns about the length of the sessions but she was ensured they were allowed regular breaks which they were but no one told her parents about the coaches bathroom policy which was still no bathroom breaks till the end of practice whichwas hard on the older girls but even tougher on the little ones who would always be desperate to pee by the end and since they were young most didnt go before they left the house.

Never the less both girls got in their moms car and were driven to practice together whilst Samantha thought about how she was going to last the entire practice infact she ws so busy thinking about it she hadnt realised that she already needed to pee. This worried her a little as this would make it harder to hold throughout the entire practice, combine that with the fact that she'd be drinking a lot of water throughout the day it was clear to her that this practice was going to be a struggle .

The practice started as soon as Samantha arrived and started with the simple running exercises that the team always did. Throughout the practice the need in Samantha's bladder was starting to build up and she could definitely feeling it, despit that she did not decide to limit her fluid intake as she did not want to get dehydrated throughout the practice but at the same time this was seriously affecting her bladder and near the end of practice she was shifting about when standing still. By the time the first break came along Samantha's need had increased by a lot as she had her legs crossed when she was sat down and she could feel her pee pushing at her pee hole as she waited for the break to end.

Whilst she waited she realised her water bottle was nearly empty and she decided she had better fill it up. As she walked over to the water fountain next to the changing rooms she noticed her older sisters team was all the way at the water fountain next to the old bleachers that had been deemed unsafe, Samantha didnt know why her sister's team went there as the one near the changing room was closer but not like it affected her, it actually meant there werent as many people there. Samantha started to fill up her bottle taking care to block out the sound of the water filling her bottle as it was not helping her full bladder.

When she had finished she went back over to her team but suddenly stopped in her tracks as she felt a strong twitch in her pee hole, she stood still for a second panicked as she thought she was going to pee herself then and there but she was able to keep control of her bladder. She kept walking and by the time she got back to her team the practice had recommenced. The next practice session was hell for Samantha and felt it lasted for hours as her poor bladder begged for the release to the point where she was full on pee dancing when she wasnt moving as she was so desperate which was dismissed by everyone as an attempt to keep warm as it was quite cold outside. Samantha could feel her pee right up against her holding muscles and was putting all her effort into holding back the flow, at this point she was seriously regretting doing this as it was just so painful on her bladder.

By the time the next break started all Samantha cared about was not peeing herselfas she sat on the ground with her hands dug in her crotch. At the same time Rose was walking back from the changing room as she had forgotten something and on the way back she spotted her sister in a situation that she knew all too well. Rose walked over to her sister and asked her if she had to pee to which she responded with a strained yes. Rose responded by asking why she didnt go before she left and she admitted that she wanted to try holding her pee the entire time just like she had. Rose was a little taken a back by this but then realised that she had to help her sisteror she would certainly wet herself. Rose quickly got Samantha up and took her over to the bleachers which was hard for Samantha as she had to pee so bad.

When they got to the bleachers it was surrounded by members of the older team who were just standing around chatting with virtually none filling up their water bottles which Samantha thought was weird but she didnt care she just had to pee so bad. Rose brought her to the side of the bleachers which had a single girl standing at the entrance to the underbelly and asked what Samantha was doing here. Rose told her that she was her sister and thst she would'nt be able to hold it till the end of practice and then asked if she could go in. The girl responded by saying that someone was in there and that they'd be done soon.

Rose then asked Samantha if she could wait a minute to which she said yes and after that she stood there pottly dancing as they waited for the person to exit. Eventually someone else came out from under the bleachers and the girl let the two of them under. When they got under the bleachers the ground was covered in several puddles in varying sizes and there was also a box with a role of toilet paper on it. Rose knelt down to speak to Samantha and told her that she never held her pee the entire time and infact her entire team peed under here during the breaks as their coach also didnt allow pee breaks. Samantha quickly realised that Rose wanted her to pee here to which she agreed to as she as desperate to the point of tears.

Slowly she lowered her shorts and pants before getting down into a squatting position which she had learned how to do on a camping trip with her family. Rose turned around letting her know it was okay to do her business here. Samantha then sighed and then suddenly a small torrent of pee escaped her tired holding muscles and splattered onto the ground with gthe rest of the puddles. The relief Samantha felt was indescribeable as all the pee she was holding quickly exited her as she sighed loudly, the feeling of relief was so good that she didnt want it to end. When the steam cut off Rose handed her some toilet paper to wipe herself with to which she did. When the girls got out from under the bleachers Rose told her not to tell people about this and that since she knew she was free to come over here if she had to pee during breaks but she also told her to be discrete about coming here. Samantha nodded and went back over to her own team who were about to start the last phase of practice.

Samantha ended the story by saying that eventually the practice times got changed meaning Samantha and Rose's age groups no longer had practice at the same time and a few years ago Rose had become too old to play for the team and left. Molly then asked if any of the other age groups knew about the bleachers to which Samantha responded by saying she didnt know maybe they have their own makeshift bathrooms after the bleachers cant be the only private place around here.

To be continued

*004*2020-05-08 00:51

Now lets get a chance to see if any of the other girls made their own makeshift toilets

Part 3

It was now just after noon as the first practice stretch of the local football team's was coming to a close and the 12 to 13 age group was was starting to exit the pitch to have their first break. Amongst those girls was 12 yr old Monica who was sitting around chatting with her best friend Abbigail. Whilst the two were talking Monica noticed how Abbigail was shifting around alot when they were sitting down and when people are shifting a lot at this football club it can only mean one thing.

The two girls had been friends a long time so they were very open about discussing their toilet habbits with each other infact looking at Abbigail shifting around made Monica realise that she also needed to pee. Monica decided to bring the question up to Abbigailby asking if she needed to pee to which she got a quiet "kinda", as she rubbed her abdomen in an attempt to make her bladder feel better. Monica responded with a giggle and told her friend that she kinda had to pee aswell which the two girls got a good laugh out of .

Once the first break ended the girls continued the practice with some basic football drills during which the twinge in Monica's bladder was growing stronger by the minute and Abbigail couldnt have been doing much better. Whilst the girls were in line waiting to do a football dribbling drill she noticed that Abbigail had her legs crossed when she wasnt moving meaning that her need to pee must have gotten significantly worse as time went on, infact looking as Abbigail crossing her legs was making Monica need to pee even worse to the point where she would describe herself as bursting and by the end of practice she too was crossing her legs trying to keep the strong pressure of her bladder to a manageable level. By the time there were only 5 minutes left of the second practice stretch Minca could feel the piss sloshing around inside of her which was preventing her from performing to her highest potential and Abbigail noticed.

By the end of the second practice stretch both girls were super desperate to use the bathroom and Abbigail in particular wa at the point where she had her hands dug into her crotch with Monica not being much better off as she couldnt sit still anymore as constantly moving was the only way to maintain control of her bladder. Whilst Monica sat there desperately trying not to pee herself as so far she was the only person on her team who hadnt had an accident and she didnt want to break that streak especially at 12 yrs old. Whilst she sat there Abbigail continuously told her that it would be okay and that she would make it but a sudden double over from Abbigail did not make it seem likely. Once Abbigail seemed to compose herself she discreetely moved pulled the front of her shorts forward to look down her shorts before telling Monica that she had leaked a little into her shorts which made Monica even more worried that the girls would wet themselves.

When the third practice stretch commensed the two girls could barely run let alone play football as their bladders were so full of urine that they could feel it pushing aginst their pee holes as it tried to escape their bladders to the point where the girls were nearly driven to tears over how much they had to pee whilst they were trying not to piss themselves the other girls on the team took notice particularly another friend of the girls whose name was Kacey. Whilst the girls were sat out during a practice game Kacey went over to talk to them and ask them how they were holding up.

She sat down next to the two girls and started to try to comfort them. Whilst she was talking them Monica felt a large squirt of pee fly out of her pee hole causing her to double over as it was followed by two more smaller squirts which dampened her panties leaving quite a sizeable wet spot. Monica was able to regain control of her bladder but having her pee be cut off caused her urethra to burn as it tried to force more pee out with Monica not letting it. After Monica temporarily lost control an almost identical thing happend to Abbigail as she too lost a good few squirts of pee which again caused her to double over.

Kacey looked at the girls sympathetically and said to them that she had to pee too. Now if the desperation was mild that would've been helpful but not when they were at the stage that they were that. Kacey realised that the girls were not going to make it and that they needed her help but the only problem was it would be a gamble to see if the girls could hold whilst she was doung what she needed to. Kacey then whispered to the girls that she was going to help but they needed to hold it a while longer. Without warning Kacey stood up and let out a loud sigh. As soon as she did a puddle started to form beneath her feet and her shorts darkened, make no mistake Kacey was peeing herself then and there. The two girls turned away from her and blocked out the sound of her peeing and whilst they did this Kacey continued to flood her shorts.

When the she was done the coach told her to go change in the changing room and as always the coach always chose the two closest girls to go with her and those girls were Monica and Abbigail. The two girls then relaised what Kacey had done she had given them a chance to get away from the rest of the team and to pee elsewhere, sure they wouldnt get into the toilets but unlike Kacey the two girls would die of embarassment if they peed infront of the coach and the team compared to Kacey who didnt seem to care that much considering everyone on the team had wet themselves at one point and Kacey had done it the most often over the years. Slowly the two girls escorted Kacey to the changing rooms taking great care not to pee themselves in the process though in there case it was extremly difficult as there bladders were just so full of pee.

When the girls got to the changing room they started frantically looking for a place to pee they started to panic until they noticed the sink at the back of the changing rooms next to the showers the girls were at first hesitant to piss in a sink but they decided that it was in there or in there pants they decided they had to do it. At first they wanted to take turns but they knew that they couldnt hold it any longer so quickly both girls got their shorts and pants down and quickly hoisted themselves over the sink and almost simultaneoulsly they both started peeing. Both girls let out a loud sigh of relief as they both released the contents of their bladders into the sink with Monica's bladder released at a rapid pace to the point where it was very audible outside of the changing room whilst Abbigail stream released at a much smaller pace but she still felt the same relief that Monica.

When the two girls finished they noticed that Kacey had been standing there watching them as she was now fully changed. Kacey asked them if they felt better to which she responded with yes, to which she then told them to move as she still had to pee. The two girls then left the changing toom to wait for Kacey and when she got out the three girls walked back to the pitch and whilst they were walking there Kacey mentioned that the girls could make peeing in the changing room sink a regular thing and heck why not bring the other girls on the team in on it as they were often bursting to piss aswell. The two girls laughed it off but then realised that she was dead serious they had a think about it for a minute and realised hey why not I mean there were rumors that the other year groups had their own makeshift toilets why shouldnt they.

*005*2020-05-13 18:47

Part 4

It was now a warm Sunday afternoon and the full practice session of the 12 to 13yr olds was concluding and as the players from the team exited the pitch the players of the 10 to 11yr olds started to fill the pitch. Among them was 11 yr old Jamie who had been driven to practice by her best friend Angela's mum. Once the girls had arrived they waved goodbye to Angela's mum and headed over to the pitch to start the practice with the rest of their teammates. As the practice began Jamie began to feel a slight twinge in her bladder which made her realise that she had forgotten to go to the toilet before she left for practice and as usual they're would be no opportunity to use the bathroom until the end of practice.

As the practice began Jamie prayed that she would be able to hold it throughout the entirety of practice as over the course of her life she had never had the strongest bladder and had been rather accident prone throughout her life even though she had never been diagnosed with any bladder problems she guessed she just never had the strongest bladder which had caused a lot of incidents in her life especially whilst playing for this team as compared to the rest of her team she has had quite a few more accidents over the years and she was hoping that she wouldnt have one today especially due to the fact that it had been the longest amount of time between accidents and she was hoping that peeing herself was behind her.

As practice continued the feeling in her bladder started to go away as they started the usual running exercises that they always did at the start of training. By the time they were half way through the first stretch Jamie was feeling a lot better about holding her pee and she felt like she was able to confidently drink from her water bottle without having to worry about her peeing herself later on. By the time the first stretch of practice was finished Jamie had only downed a quarter of her bottle, though that could be due to the fact that she had only started drinking water halfway through the practice stretch.

Eventually the coach called the first break of the two hour practice stretch and Jamie watched as a lot of the girls, including Angela had went to go fill up their water bottles leaving only her and two or three other players waiting by the side of the pitch for practice to continue. Whilst waiting for the next stetch of practice to commence Jamie noticed that one of the other girls on the team, who hadnt gotten up to fill their water bottles, was squirming around a bit on the ground.

As Jamie looked at her she thought to herself "does she have to pee" . When the girl noticed Jamie looking at her she quickly sat still but Jamie could still tell she ahd to pee due to the fsct that she was shaking slightly as she sat. Jamie also turned away from the girl but there was one side effect of noticing the other girl need to pee that Jamie felt when the rest of her team got back from the water fountain and that was her own need to pee which had come drifting back as she was watching the other girl squirm in place. In her head Jammie curesed as she felt the need to pee return to her body in a considerably stronger state to the point where she found it hard to sit still as she sat there talking to Angela.

When the second stretch of practice started the urge to pee didnt go away like it did the first time which seriously worried Jamie as she was worried that she wouldnt be able to hold it till the end of practice. Despite her need to pee she continued to play to highest standard she possibly could. By the time they were a quarter of the way through the second practice stretch Jamie's need to pee was grow as she practiced to the point where she was seriously doubting her ability to hold it till the end of practice. Whilst Jamie was waiting in line to perform a drill she noticed the girl who was squirming during break and by the look of things it had gotten a lot worse since the break as she was at the point where she had a hand in her crotch whenever she wasnt running, jmaie felt sorry for the girl but at the same time she had her own bladder to worry about as it was becoming a serious issue due to how fast her urge was growing.

By the time the second practice stretch was over Jamie was also at the point where she had to put a hand in her crotch to keep the pressure off her bladder, which helped a little bit but she could still could feel her full bladder begging for release. Whilst Jamie sat there she realised her water bottlle was nearly empty and due to the3 fact that it was so warm outsiide and she was doing a lot of running she figured it would be best to go fill it up whilst she had the chance. Slowly she got up and headed over to the water fountain with the rest of her teammates. When she finally got to chance to fill up her water bottle she made an effort to block out the soundds of the water filling her bottle and tried to look away as her bottle slowly filled with water. When her bottle was filled she slowly started to head back to where the rest of her team sat to wait for the next stetch of practice.

The next practice stretch was hell for Jamie as the pressure in her poor bladder continued to increase as she tried to hold it, it had gotten to the point where she couldnt even keep track of how the other girl who needed to pee was doing as she had to keep focusing on her own predicament. Eventually Jamie felt a small spurt of pee exit her pee hole and dampen her panties which caused her to double over as she felt the warm wetness on her panties as she tried to hold on. She eventually regained control of her bladder but that didnt stop her from leaking several times during the next training session which eventually produced a small wet spot on her spot and as for her pants, well they were drenched in her urine. By the time the third practice stretch was almost done the pressure in her bladder was almost unbearable, it was almost like she could feel the pee pushing against her pee hole as she felt it tingling which in her experience was a sign that she would wet her self quite soon.

After what felt like forever the third practice stretch ended and when it did Jamie suddenly lost another spurt of pee causing her to increase the grip on her pee hole tenfold, she reaslised that she was going to wet herself very soon so she decided that the best course of action would be to get away from everyone so she made it look like she was going to fill up her water bottle and made a dash for the changing rooms and when she got there she quickly ran behind them as she had thought she saw a couple of her teammates go in there at the start of the break. When she was sufficently hidden she doubled over droping her water bottle in the process to try and hold on just that little but longer. She thought for sure she was going to pee herself until she realised that she was completely hidden and that gave her an idea. See from a young age Jamie had always known how to pee outside due to the fact that she went camping a lot and she decided that it was now time to put those skills to use.

She quickly removed one leg from her legs and got into a squatting position and after widening her legs a torrent of pee escaped from her pee hole and splashed against the wall she was facing. Jamie sighed in relief as she was finally able to release the contents of her bladder which felt amazing as she let all her pee out at once. Jamie looked down at her stream to see how fast it was exiting her body and was amazed at how much there was infact she was kind of proud of herself for being able to hold this much for so long. Jamie's stream continued on until it finally subsided leaving only a few drops exiting her pee hole and since she had a history of not letting all her pee out she tried to push a bit more out which lead to a few small spurts joining the puddle on the ground. Jmaie got her shorts back on and stood up admiring the puddle that she had left on the ground and decided she should go to the changing room to wash her hands.

When she entered the changing rooms she was shocked to hear the unmistakeable sound of someone peeing in a container along with a loud sigh of relief. This shocked Jmaie a little and she quickly got out of the changing rooms leaving a peek in the door for her to see through. Eventually the sound of peeing subsided and right into Jamie's line of sight was the girls she had noticed earlier who needed to pee. Jamie watched as she saw the girl walk over to the sink with a bottle filled with a yellow liquid that Jamie assumed was her pee. She watched as she poured it down the sink and washed her bottle and hands in the sink next to it. After she was sure she was done Jamie fully walked into the bathroom catching the girl off guard but gladly there was no evidence of what she had done. The girl then exited the changing room and after washing her hands Jmaie followed her back to the pitch.
