Love and Crap

Author: Jimmy Olsen

*000*2026-02-15 10:44

This thread will be a dumping ground for scenes too long to be drabbles and too short to have their own threads.

Special Chocolates

She'd been feeling a little off. When the big day came she was worse off than before. She hoped the problem would go away before the appointed time, but eventually she had to make the call. She told him she was feeling under the weather and would have to stay home today. They could celebrate some other time. He was coming over regardless, and he'd bring the romance. The way he said it made her heart dance a little, but she wasn't expecting much excitement that day.

He arrived in a tuxedo, even though he knew they wouldn't be painting the town red. She felt a little ashamed about her own appearance. No makeup, no shoes, just flannel pyjamas. Other than a halfhearted attempt to tame her hair she looked the same as when she'd stumbled out of bed that morning. She didn't understand how captivatingly beautiful she was in the eyes of her lover.

He had a bouquet of roses for her, but that wasn't all. He made a theatrical little ceremony of presenting her with two heart-shaped containers. Traditional chocolates, and special chocolates. She blushed when she saw what kind of chocolates were in the second box.

"How did you know?"

"We've been together long enough that I can read the signs."

Soon she was relaxing in bed waiting for the chocolates to have their effect. She was lying on top of the covers. She was still in the same clothes, but the bottom half of her top was unbuttoned. Her sweetheart was there with her, still looking overdressed. He was whispering romantic things in her ear. His fingers were running through her hair. His right hand was slowly petting her abdomen in a clockwise motion. Every so often he'd stop the belly rub to feed her another chocolate. Despite her visceral discomfort she was on cloud nine. She almost wished she was constipated every Valentine's Day.

