A Nurse's Bladder

Author: Jimmy Olsen

*000*2024-07-06 12:47

Notes

I posted a brief scenario for Bombality on the Lightning Request Thread. Afterwards I revised and expanded the file so I could post it on the Tiny Story and Poem Thread, but it kept growing so now it gets to be its own thread. It's still not quite finished, but I think it's safe to post ⅓ of it now. Note this story was mostly written before Bom posted the comic based on the original blurb so the end products are pretty different. Also note due to rushed research and creative liberties this story may be full of inaccuracies.

Part 1

In a little white room in a big white building a blonde in purple scrubs was trying to make a yellow stream.

Her bladder was so used to holding that it didn't believe her brain when it gave the signal to release. She'd been doing well this restroom break getting a fairly strong trickle to run almost continuously for the better part of a minute, but something had broken her concentration before she could turn the trickle into a stream. She spent the rest of her time on the toilet rocking back and forth and breathing deeply in a vain attempt to restart the flow. That little muscle down there just wouldn't relax and she'd wasted too much time trying to coax it open. A nurse shouldn't be taking a 10-minute restroom break on a day like this.

She peeled her sweaty buttocks from the horseshoe-shaped seat, did a quick wipe, and dropped the paper in the yellow water. This was what relief looked like to an ordinary woman, but to her it was just a fractional reduction of bladder volume. Down went the silver lever and up went the purple pants. It was time to return to the grind.

A younger chocolate-haired nurse entered the 2nd stall at the same time the honey-haired nurse exited the 1st. When her swift yet thorough hand-washing was finished the room was already filled with the sound of liquid pouring into liquid.

"If only that were me," the blonde thought.

It was an extra-long extra-busy shift and she was glad to have a steel vault for a bladder, even if the door stayed sealed when it was supposed to open. It was an extra-cruel shift however, because she had the bad luck to deal with 3 patients who unknowingly mocked her condition and transformed her urinary pain into a special type of suffering.

While the nurse was power-walking down a hallway she crossed paths with a patient slowly hobbling along on crutches. There was already somewhere she needed to be, but this woman obviously needed help. Both her legs were in casts and she grunted in pain with every step, but she was bound and determined to get somewhere.

"Let me help. You need to get off your legs."

"I need to get on the pot!"

"You're in no shape to use the restroom. Let's get you back in bed." She turned the patient around and tried to help her along, but she stubbornly resisted.

"I gotta wee!"

"We'll take care of that in your room."

Despite her protests she was soon heading in that direction. Each woman had an arm around the other's torso and the nurse was halfway walking with the patient and halfway carrying her. A typical woman in her bodily situation would be yelling in anguish due to the added pressure on the bladder and crossing her legs due to the feeling of impending leakage, but the nurse was used to this kind of pain and she didn't think she could wet herself if she tried.

Before long the patient was lying in bed with her weight off her lower legs. It was an awkward pose for urination, but it was the position her body needed to stay in to heal.

"Didn't anyone explain this?" the nurse asked while she got things ready.

"No, the other nurse didn't tell me much. She looked to be in a hurry."

She showed the patient the blue teardrop-shaped receptacle that had been sitting there the whole time. "You have a lot of mending to do before you're ready for the restroom so for the next couple weeks you'll be using a bedpan. You should call for assistance if you need it. Don't make a mess trying to do it by yourself if you're not able. Otherwise you can take care of your needs in full privacy and only summon a nurse when it's ready for emptying."

"That's a bedpan? Aren't they supposed to be metal?"

"Some are metal, but the ones we use here are plastic. Just hold still while we slide this under your body."

"All this medical science and I have to wee in a melted dog dish."

The nurse put the pan in the position where the average female patient would need it, but she wasn't sure how this would play out. "You may now relieve yourself."

A jet of liquid fired out of her urethra in a fierce forward arc, hitting the opposite rim of the vessel and sending some droplets over the edge and onto the bedsheet.

"Shut it off!" the nurse commanded hastily. "Sorry, we need to adjust things first."

"Well hurry it up! I gotta go bad!" Although the patient thought she was holding a great deal her bladder was like a wrinkly little prune compared to the honeydew melon balanced on the nurse's pelvis.

The nurse mentally mapped out the patient's urine stream and placed the container in the optimum position to intercept it all. "Let's try that again."

A new torrent issued forth from the patient's pubic area collecting properly in the bedpan this time. She noisily blasted away at the plastic for a solid minute, but only a few negligible drops escaped containment. "Oh what a wee!" she exclaimed when her gushing urination began to diminish.

The nurse bit her lower lip just a little. She tried to keep her feelings out of her voice when she asked the patient if she was finished.

"I'll see if I am," she answered before squeezing out 1 last spurt rippling the foam-crowned lemon-colored contents of the bedpan. It was time for the nurse to wipe the patient, restore her modesty, remind her what she should do the next time nature called, and carry out the bedpan for emptying. She found time to glance wistfully at the patient's freshly voided urine and warmly satisfied face.

"If only that were me."

It was cruel punishment witnessing a woman getting sweet relief right next to her. That wasn't however the worst torture the nurse received that day.

*003*2024-07-13 05:07

Notes

Thanks for the nice comments, Princeofthepee and Dpmpvfd!

When I went to write the middle scene I got caught up in the dialogue. The 3 patients were supposed to have 3 roughly equal scenes, but that's sure not the case anymore.

Part 2

A few hours later she met a sobbing patient who'd just woken up to a wet bed. The nurse needed to be somewhere else, but she had to deal with this first. It was an unusually big mess for a bedwetting case, but just a drop in the bucket next to what she was holding inside.

"Cheer up. It's nothing that doesn't happen every day in this building."

"I'm sorry about the bed! I'm sorry I'm making you have to do this! I'm normally really good about...I mean I'm in 12th grade so of course I'm able to...I mean even when I'm really sick I never...I'm so sorry!"

"It's not your fault. Besides I've taken care of this situation so many times I can do it in my sleep."

Technically she was supposed to have an assistant for this, but she didn't wait long to start the process simply hoping the other summoned nurse would join her soon.

This patient wasn't bedbound being encouraged to do things on her own if she was able, and she insisted she was able. She'd only been sulking in soaked sheets for emotional reasons. With some effort and patience she dragged her dripping body out of bed and got it standing more or less upright preparing to make the journey of a few feet. She walked slowly and clumsily like she was wearing heavy invisible armor. When she stumbled the nurse was ready to catch her. She was already stripping the bed, but she could multitask.

The sight and scent of so much spilled urine would've normally made a urine-swelled woman grind her teeth together and squeeze her legs together, but the nurse was a battle-hardened warrior when it came to full-bladdered hospital work. Nigh-invisible winces and cringes were the only symptoms she didn't suppress.

Once the sheets were bagged up and the patient was safely transferred to a clean surface the nurse apologized for needing to dash off briefly.

"I wish I could take a bathroom break that easy," said the girl regaining her sense of humor.

The nurse got a twinge of muscle tension in her face wanting to the let the girl know she was leaving her momentarily to take care of other duties and definitely wouldn't have the pleasure of relaxing on the toilet anytime soon, but she knew better than to voice such thoughts especially to a patient in need of emotional support. "Just relax there. I'll only be a couple minutes."

The nurse dashed off to fetch some supplies, tie up some loose ends, and see if she could scare up some help. She returned to the room alone.

"How are you doing?" she asked.

The patient had already reverted to weepy mode. "I'm cold and I'm wet and I'm hurting in like 5 places and my arms and legs feel like they came from a mannequin and my...my...it's everywhere!"

"It'll be all right. We'll just get you cleaned up and moved to another bed."

"I'm so sorry! I can't believe I did that and somebody's gotta clean it up for me!"

"Accidents happen," said the nurse who didn't like old clichés but tended to fall back on them when discussion was difficult.

"They shouldn't happen to me! I'm 18 years old! I'm a straight A student!"

"Our bodies don't always behave the way we want," said the nurse running out of different ways to say "it's all right." Next she found herself quoting another cliché. "The spirit is willing, but the flesh is weak."

The patient went from actively upset to passively pouty while she mulled that over.

"Do you need to let any more out?" asked the nurse preparing to grab the bedpan as she tried to change the subject.

"No, it all went out by itself!" yelled the patient producing more tears after a brief dry spell.

The nurse tried humor next. "Look on the bright side. Some patients can't do that without a catheter."

The patient's voice stabilized. "What's a catheter?"

"It's a device for draining the bladder when it's not getting emptied by the usual course of nature," she said while helping her sit up. "People avoid it like the plague, but you don't have to worry about it."

The girl looked disgusted, but at least she didn't look like she was about to start crying again.

"Should I help you out of those clothes?"

"No, I can still undress myself." The younger woman slowly brought the half-soaked robe past both her shoulders and tried to wriggle out of it, but couldn't get a coordinated motion out of her upper torso. She didn't protest when the older woman took it off of her, or when she did the same to her sodden panties. The patient was ready to get clean.

The nurse thought she should start by wiping the tears from the girl's face, but there was an immediate objection.

"I can still do that too." She handed her a packet of tissues which she fumbled with yet slowly managed to use properly.

Once that was taken care of the nurse started cleaning her up under the neckline using soap-impregnated foam wipes. For a while she was silently sullen. Something eventually had to be said to break up the awkwardness.

"So you're going to be graduating this spring?"

"That's what I thought like 3 operations ago. I'm gonna have a lot to make up when I get back. Might have to do it over the summer. When I'm at home again and not a complete mess I'll talk to teachers and counselors and figure stuff out."

"I think that's the right attitude. You'll cross that bridge when you come to it." The nurse seemed destined to recite clichés today.

"That's what I said!" She was raising her voice again, but this time she was in rapport with the other woman. "My mom hates it when I'm that way about stuff, but with something like this it's the only way I can keep my stress down and...well, you wouldn't wanna see me when I'm all stressed."

The nurse kept the conversation running hoping it would take the patient's mind off the sponge-bath before she reached the really embarrassing parts. "Do you know what you'll be majoring in?"

"I used to think about med school," she said with a little laugh. "It's so much fun reading about human anatomy and looking at diagrams of cells and organs and stuff, but having surgery taught me how gross and scary it all is."

"Yes, no, it's not for everyone. Can you lean over to the left?"

"Huh?"

"We're just going to get you over to your side."

"Oh! I can do that." She chuckled and mumbled, "I thought you meant like politics." She followed the direction although a little assistance was needed in the leg department. The nurse went to work on the parts that had been plastered to plastic.

The patient picked up their conversation where they'd dropped it. "I'm into so much different stuff I have no clue about a major. Journalism, tech-comm, comp-sci."

"That could be interesting. I took a journalism class in high school, but I didn't get along with the school paper klatsch so I wasn't headed anywhere."

"Oh like a clique? Like mean girls running the newspaper? Same deal with my school."

"We can get you back over now," said the nurse who'd finished the rinsing and started the drying. The patient rolled and squirmed and wobbled and ultimately managed to put her body in a sitting position without a helping hand.

"I could even try art."

"Then you could put your anatomy knowledge to use."

She let out a girlish laugh. "I wasn't thinking one of those classes where they...and now I'm dressed to model for one."

"Well you're clean as a whistle," said the older woman when she finished towel-drying the younger woman's body. "If you want photos for your portfolio that's outside my job description."

That comment provoked laughter. There was some more laughter when the patient apologized for her accident and thanked the nurse and then apologized for the accident again. There were no more laughs after the nurse's response.

"Don't worry. It's a simple solution. We'll get you a disposable garment."

"You mean a diaper!?" Once more she was backsliding into emotional distress.

The nurse produced a pair of slightly thick and crinkly white and green briefs. "You could call it that, but it's really just underwear with a little extra protection."

"I don't have a problem! Please don't make me wear diapers! It never happened before today and I'll try super-hard to make it never happen again!"

"I know. This is simply a precaution just in case it does. In goes the leg."

"I feel like a baby," she moaned, but she obeyed.

"Then the other leg."

She hung her head and whimpered, but followed that order too.

The nurse fastened the garment with blue-tipped strips of tape. After she'd helped the patient into a fresh green gown she was ready to meet her clean and dry new bed.

The young woman continued looking down, fixated on her shameful new underwear. In the well-lit room both women could see the outlines under the flimsy hospital robe, and the noise that came with every movement gave it away even more. "This is so bad." Now she sounded forlorn rather than distressed. "My mom's gonna kill me."

"If your mother scolds you then the doctor will scold her right back because you didn't do anything wrong. Your body's been through some serious surgical procedures and pain management and there are going to be some minor malfunctions here and there."

The patient thanked her again. This time her mood stayed positive though not exactly chipper.

The nurse was well-experienced blanking out personal needs while zeroing in on patients' needs, but it was still tormenting knowing she'd spent a good chunk of an hour externally cleaning up the very same substance she was internally holding back. As nurse and patient parted ways the latter couldn't help but muse over the former's unconscious feat of cloth-drenching.

"If only that were me."

Twice in a day she'd helped patients get rid of large quantities of liquid waste while her hectic shift forced her to hold onto her own supply. The nurse felt she was being punished, but she didn't know fate would crank the thumb-screws tighter still.

*006*2024-07-15 00:08

Notes

Thanks for saying that, Lameone24! I hope the last part doesn't disappoint.

Note the scene with the 3rd patient features catheterization which may cause distress to some readers. "If only that were me" marks the end of the scene.

Part 3

Long before her busy day was through she was obliged to assist another woman in urination. This patient had no qualms with using a bedpan, but was simply unable to due to an adverse aftereffect of anesthesia. Someone should've been checking on her urinary output, but the issue had fallen through the cracks. Her bladder was severely enlarged, calling for immediate catheterization. It would've felt comfortably small in the nurse's abdominal cavity.

It was a simple matter. A sterile polyvinyl chloride drainage tube and collection packet were unwrapped. The patient's legs were spread. The nurse used 2 fingers of her left hand to part the lips and used her right hand to swab the urethral region with antiseptic. The tube was tipped with something looking like a miniature glass harpoon which the nurse dipped in lubricant before sending it through to its target as gently as possible. Soon some concentrated urine was coloring the transparent hose as it made its journey downward.

The patient kept her eyes pointed away from all of this, but the nurse had no such option. An ordinary woman subjected to such a scene while carrying such a burden would have water running down her cheeks if not her thighs, but she was no ordinary woman. She held her emotions inside almost as skillfully as she held her urine.

"How do you feel?"

"As good as anybody with a plastic tube shoved up their piss-hole." After a moment's consideration she had something to add. "I can feel it coming out."

"That's better than being completely numb, isn't it?"

"I guess so. Taking a piss is satisfying...even if a gizmo's doing it for me."

The patient leaned over to get a look at what was happening. A thin clear bag was hanging from the frame of her bed getting fatter and yellower as she watched. She was already blushing from the disrobing and catheter insertion, but seeing her own private bodily fluid on full display made her turn a deeper red.

"That's a lot of piss! I had no idea or I would've buzzed you sooner. I don't know what I was thinking."

"It's nothing to worry about now that we're dealing with it. There'll be a note from now on that you have some loss of sensation and should receive assistance if you have difficulty relieving yourself."

"You mean somebody's going to come snooping under my johnny every hour to make sure I'm pissing?" The patient was getting redder still.

"Not exactly, but that's the general idea. It's for your own well-being." She barely paused before excusing herself due to the urgent call she had to attend to.

"You're just going to leave me hanging here?" the patient asked pointing to the tube uncomfortably hanging out of her urethra and then to the ever-swelling sack it was feeding into.

"Someone will be in shortly to change the bag. Depending on your situation we may want to keep the catheter in for a while."

"I guess that's better than having this business yanked out of my piss-hole and getting a fresh one jammed in when I still can't take an honest piss of my own."

The nurse didn't respond to this. She only paused for a second on her way out to admire the still-growing contents of the plastic sack. It was a deep rich color like copper-gold jewelry. It probably looked a lot like what was trapped in her own body.

"If only that were me."

It was the kind of day where the nurse cursed her career choice. A day it seemed like she was needed in 2 or 3 different places at every time. In theory she was guaranteed 15 minutes of break time every 4 hours, but only the most wide-eyed newbie in the nursing field could believe that would be reality. She postponed every planned trip to the ladies' room. Even when she allowed herself a break and fully intended to take it she wound up getting buzzed or button-holed at the last minute. This shift had more than its fair share of unpredictable medical crises and unforeseen staff shortages. It seemed almost like a miracle when her overworked rump actually touched porcelain.

For the 1st time in more hours than the canary-haired nurse cared to count she released a smidgeon of urine. That faint sprinkle in the toilet bowl was music to her ears. Within a minute she'd put out 2 more spritzes and thought she was headed toward the trickle stage.

Suddenly a harsh vibration shattered the silence along with her concentration.

"You called back at just the right time, I finally got a break!" said the raven-haired nurse in the next stall. "Oh can you hear that?" she asked between embarrassed giggles. "Excuse me, I'm so sorry, I had to hiss like a steam engine!"

The bladder the dark-haired nurse noisily emptied was a kiddie pool compared to the Olympic swimming pool inside the fair-haired nurse.

"If only that were me," she whispered to herself as she once more returned to duty unrelieved.

