(Auto-narration story) Perfect Butt In Tight Laxative Pants

Author: James_

*000*2021-10-19 17:49

Recently, I've been trying to find audio stories of female desperation and accidents but not having much success. Since that was the case, I fooled around with an already written story and a text narrator I found online. The end product actually turned out pretty good so I thought I'd post it here to see if anyone else liked it too. Some of the pronounciations and things are a little off, but frankly I expected much worse.

The text narrator I used came from here: https://readloud.net/english/american/32-female-voice-kendra.html

As a word of warning, the first time I went to use it, the site took me elsewhere for some clickbait bs, but I went back and it worked fine after.

The story came from here: http://ripplesstoryindexrebornpoo.blogspot.com/2017/05/i-want-to-force-force-girl-to-poop-her.html

This story was not written by me. However, some of the story was re-written by me to make more sense gramatically and to be easier to read for the narrator. All credit for the story still goes to its original creator.

Hope you all enjoy, and please let me know what you think. Theres's a good chance I'll continue using this for my own enjoyment so if others want it too I'd love to know.

Cheers,

James_

Perfect Butt In Tight Laxative Pants.mp3

*002*2021-10-25 04:42

{{9 hours ago, Red41804 said:

Do you plan to do more stories like this?

}}

If people enjoy the content I'd like to make more. It's also pretty easy to do using the link I gave. 👍

