Jess & Sophie - A day at the stables

Author: JMatthews1995

*000*2020-10-19 18:41

It was 7am. Soph was lay awake on the bed next to a cozy looking Jess. She always woke up early on a Saturday as it was her favorite day of the week since they had both invested in buying a horse. Saturday meant she got to spend the whole day at the stables, and, as a bonus, a whole day wearing sexy riding boots on her cute little feet!

"Wake up sleepy head!" She teased as she gently poked Jess. "We have a long and fun day ahead!" Soph knew Jess wasn't a morning person, and would frequently wind her up a little in the morning.

"What time is it? What are we doing?"

"7am Jessie, and today we're spending the day at the stables!!" Soph snuggled herself up tight to Jess and then hopped out of bed. She always loved to start the day fresh, so she hurried off into the bathroom, relieved her full bladder, and then showered.

Jess came stumbling in half asleep and dropped herself onto the toilet. A loud hiss noise filled the bathroom. She looked over and found that Soph had used the last of the toilet roll, she opted to just wipe her self with her hand so she didn't drip, and then slid into the shower with Soph.

"You can wash my pussy Soph, seeing as you couldn't be bothered to put any more toilet paper out!" Soph did as she was told. It took a lot longer than it should have done though!

Having finished in the shower, the girls got themselves dried off and began dressing for their trip to the stables. Jess grabbed a pair of pink panties, her tight black jodhpurs and black riding boots. The jodhpurs were significantly padded around her cute bum, perfect for both cushioning a saddle, and capturing any naughty little pee leaks! She slid them on one after the other, Soph watching her girlfriend intently.

"It's like an opposite striptease Jess!" She giggled, watching as Jess slid her delicate bare feet into her beautiful black boots. "Oh and those feet! As soon as those boots come off I'm munching those cuties!" She felt her pussy tingle gently. She always loved it when Jess was naughty and "Forgot" her socks for her.

Soph dressed herself in a very similar outfit. She, however, opted for a bikini bottom style panty material. She found that this type of fabric made being damp all the more comfortable.

The girls headed into the kitchen and began packing all the food and drink they'd need for the day. Jess watched as Soph slid two huge 2l bottles of water into her back pack, and then some random bits of food.

"Oh by the way Jess, the owner of the stable says they've had to close the toilet. It's been damaged and the seats broken. The positive is the tap still works so we can still get fresh water." She smiled, knowing full well Jess would be excited by this news.

"Well, where are we gonna pee then Soph? We spend all day down there usually!"

"I dunno, A hedge? In the stable? The forest? Your jodhpurs? Wherever we like I suppose! I intend to spend the day making my pussy as pissy as I possibly can. Then I can make you lick me clean when we get home!"

She pulled her jodhpurs down slightly, revealing a damp patch on her bikini bottoms already.

"Look, I've already started!" She leaned back slightly, almost as if to present her pussy to Jess, and then quickly slid her jodhpurs back up again.

Jess' pussy tingled. The thought of spending a whole day getting herself pissy made the day sound good, the thought of Soph doing that also made the day absolutely incredible.

The walk down to the stables was about 2 miles. The weather was beautiful and the girls were in a fantastic mood. Soph was lovely and damp, and Jess had let a nice warm spurt out as well now. She couldn't let herself get out done.

Arriving at the stables, Soph announced she was going for her first pee already.

"Where, where you going to pee Soph?!" Jess shouted as Soph hurried away. She rushed after and found her by the entrance to the stable. She watched Soph slide her jodhpurs down, squat, and instantly spray a powerful jet of piss straight through her bikini bottoms. The flood finished as fast as it started, and she pulled her jodhpurs up tight over her wet underwear. She grabbed Jess' hand and pulled her close. With a soft voice she whispered.

"When we go up to bed tonight, my pissy little pussy is going to be waiting to be cleaned up by you!"

Once again Jess' pussy tingled with excitement.

"What has gotten into you Soph?!" She muttered. "You've gotten so kinky!"

"I dunno baby. I'm getting so used to this fetish now. I think having to give up the hygiene of my pissy little pussy for a day is a small price to pay for the incredible orgasm you always provide me at the end!"

Jess sat herself down on a hay bale, and watched as Soph began to work. She was getting incredibly worked up, every time Soph bent over, leaned, or stretched, all she could think about was how casual Soph was being about the whole thing. There was a beautiful girl, going about her favorite hobby, with a pair of soaked bikini bottoms clinging to her pissy little pussy lips. A sudden wave of realization came over Jess and she hurried over to Soph.

"I love you so much Soph, you do know that don't you?" She muttered as she cuddled Soph up tight.

"Of course I know silly! But why are you suddenly telling me now?"

"I've just realized how much you have embraced my fetish hun. I'm just so lucky to have such an understanding girl! You are literally there in front of me, going about your normal life like any other girl. But because of me, you're doing it all with a pee soaked little foof!"

"Aww Jess. You've embraced my fetish too hun remember. Those gorgeous little feet of yours would definitely have some socks on if it wasn't for me!"

"That's true Soph!" Jess giggled and squeezed Sophs perky bum. "Can't wait to make you worship them!"

"Do you not need to pee at all Jess? Perhaps, enough, to give your little girly a soaking?"

Jess smiled, kissed Soph on the lips, had a quick glance around and then dropped into a squat in front of Soph. She pulled her jodhpurs down and then released. The warmth spread around her delicate damp lips and flooded through into a lovely little puddle on the floor. As soon as she was done, she pulled her jods back up and smiled at Soph, who quickly leaned in for a kiss.

"Good girly Jess!" She muttered. "Now, give me a hand with all this hay!"

2 hours of hard work followed, shifting hay bales, cleaning out the stable straw, setting up a new fenced paddock area. Owning a horse was hard, pissy work. Each opportunity they got they would give each other a quick squeeze of their padded bums, or a little kiss on the neck from behind. For Jess, this was her idea of heaven.

"Right Jess. Now all that is out of the way, we can saddle him up!" This was Soph's favorite part of the day. Actually getting to ride her horse! She grabbed the saddle from the stable and threw it over the horse.

"Grab the other side Jess and tuck the straps under for me would you." Jess did as she was asked and Soph finished off setting up the seat.

"Hold him for a second would you Jess" She handed the lead rope to Jess, and then walked a couple of feet away. Once again, Jess found herself watching Soph lower herself into a squat. Only this time, she didn't pull her Jodhpurs down. A waterfall of pee flooded through the padded material of her jods and formed a huge puddle around her boots. Once again, she stood herself up and casually walked back over to Jess, taking the lead rope from her hand and gently kissing Jess on the cheek.

"This is going to feel incredible!" Soph declared as she slid her foot into the stirrup and swung her leg up over the saddle. "Yes, this is definitely going to feel good Jess! She settled into position, her legs spread either side of the saddle and her soaking wet jods pressed firmly into her pussy. She wiggled herself around to get into a comfy position and felt the pissy bikini fabric press against her sopping wet clit.

Jess was sweating with excitement. This was her idea of pure heaven. She gazed at Soph as the horse trotted in a circle around her. Mesmerized by Sophs cute wet bum bouncing up and down on the leather saddle, she became dizzy after just a few laps. Soph kept glancing down a Jess.

"Your face is priceless Jess!" She giggled as she rode around and around. "I tell you what baby, it's amazing how naughty this feels!" Jess could only imagine what was going on inside Sophs tight pissy jodhpurs. The idea of her gorgeous wet pussy constantly being bounced up and down onto the saddle. Each time squeezing the thick pissy fabric of her jods tight against her stinky pussy.

After a few minutes, Soph invited Jess to do the same.

"Okay baby your turn!" Jess went to get onto the horse but was quickly stopped by Soph. "Have you forgotten something?" She muttered.

"Oh yes, of course!" Jess dropped into a squat and pissed forcefully through her riding gear. "Much better!" She said as she stood up and wiggled her cute wet bum to stop any big drips. She slid her tiny boot into the stirrup and clambered up onto the saddle. Dropping her self forcefully onto the seat. The soaked padding squished under her pussy and her clit throbbed with excitement.

To be continued

