Trying to train a weak bladder

Author: Justme92

*000*2017-10-04 16:44

This is my first story about a young man with a very weak bladder. Please be kind, this is my first story and english is not my first language. :-)

9:00: As usual, Julian woke up with a bursting bladder. He did not even drank a lot in the evening or throughout the night, but still he had to make a dash to the bathroom every morning, desperately trying not to pee his boxers. He was not always successful. In fact, he often reached the toilet with soaking wet underwear.

On his way through the hall he realized several drops escaping the tip of his member. Julian griped himself even harder and started to curse: “Not again!” When he finally reached the toilet, a wet spot sized like a tennis ball had already formed on the front of his boxers.

He began to moan when he could relieve himself into the toilet bowl. After that put his wet boxer in the laundry and washed himself.

Julian was very upset by the fact that again he could not fully control his bladder. His bladder was not only a problem in the night, he also was disturbed by his weak bladder throughout the day. At least every 2 hours he had to go to the bathroom and pee, otherwise he would start to lose at least some spurts of urine into his pants. This had to change.

It was Sunday and he had nothing else to do, so he researched on the internet on how to train the human bladder while sipping his coffee. He concluded that only a strict bladder discipline and pee holding could be the solution. It was now 10:45 and he had to go again.

After he peed at 11:00 he decided this was his last pee until 15:00.For normal people 4 hours without a toilet is not much, but for Julian who would go twice in this time it was a tough task. To stay hydrated he decided to drink one glass of water (200ml) per hour. The first one and a half hours were quite unspectacular, but at 12:45 Julian began to need a pee. As always, the urge hit him out of nothing, but he tried to ignore it. 20 minutes later he was unable to sit still in front of his computer.

At 13:15 he was desperately holding himself and had lost a few drops, despite skipping his last drink. “I did not consider all the coffee I drank in the morning before my last pee!” he thought. All he could think of was releasing all this pee from his throbbing bladder. He wanted to beat his bladder, but every minute that passed showed, that his bladder was about to beat him. He lost a big spurt which formed a strain on his gray joggers, but he still was not ready to give up. Making it the next 90 minutes till 15:00 was impossible, but he wanted to last as long as he could to stretch and train his bladder.

When at 13:45 he lost another two long spurts of hot pee, the strain on his pants extended down to his knee. Julian knew he was defeated, he also released with shock he would not make it to the bathroom. He looked helplessly around until he saw his trashcan under his desk. Without any hesitation he stood up and grabbed it. Due to his rapid movement he totally lost control and began to wet himself forcefully. As fast as he could he pulled his d*ck out of his soaking wet boxers, which had turned from an light blue to a dark and shiny blue and aimed at the trashcan while peeing uncontrollably all the time.

Finally, he was relieved but he again had lost against his bladder.

Julian realized, this was only the first step in a process of training…

And that he had some cleaning to do.

