The Ladies of NCIS: Accidents Happen

Author: JamesK

*000*2025-01-02 05:36

This story takes place in season one, episode seven of NCIS. Twenty-one years ago. Makes me feel old. I’m still continuing the Bishop story in its own thread, but now that I’ve caught up to the most current finished season of NCIS I started the show over and wanted to write this story. I’ll probably do one of Ziva once I get to season three on my rewatch, but I’m not in a rush so it could be a while before then. I am also open to suggestions for scenarios involving nearly any woman on the main show, past or present, excluding only Abby and Jenny (They both remind me of people I know to a degree that I wouldn’t feel comfortable writing about them.)

Caitlin Todd: Sasha Alexander

Leroy Jethro Gibbs: Mark Harmon

CO Commander Peters: Glenn Morshower

XO LT Commander Akron: Micheal Lowry

COB (Chief of the Boat): Peter Onorati

Petty Officer Thompson: Eric Ladin

Petty Officer Drew: David Monahan

Special Agent Caitlin “Kate” Todd was proud to be a member of Agent Leroy Jethro Gibbs’s team. Gibbs was very selective about who he would work with. An agent had to show real promise, initiative, and skill to make it on his team. Kate had impressed him in her skill as a US Secret Service agent, so he extended an offer to bring her on his team. She accepted, being equally impressed by him. He was a retired marine sniper who joined NCIS twelve years ago and quickly became recognized as a man who could get results.

And results were desperately needed. The investigation they were conducting was of the death of a submariner, whose identity the murderer had taken great pains to conceal. There were five subs assigned to the region, and none indicated any missing crewmen: meaning that the murderer had taken the submariner’s place on the crew.

Of the five subs in the area, only one was underway- the USS Philadelphia. It was to take part in a NATO exercise, and the Submarine Squadron Commander refused to recall it to screen the crew for an imposter. So Gibbs demanded to take Kate with him to investigate the Philadelphia’s crew at sea and ensure that a deployed nuclear submarine was not carrying an imposter.

Gibbs had to fight with the Submarine Squadron Commander to bring Kate instead of a male agent, citing her profiling skills as essential to his investigation. The submarine fleet had no mixed gender units, no accommodations for women at all. It was only nine years ago, in 1994, that women were even deployed on combat ships. And the conditions on submarines would take even longer to allow women. (The ban on female submariners would be lifted in 2010, seven years after this story takes place)

But Gibbs only ever acted in the best interest of his investigation. Kate had learned excellent interrogation skills and profiling techniques in her time a in the Secret Service, and that made her the best choice to question the Philadelphia’s crew and ferret out the imposter. He stood his ground, and the Commander conceded.

And so it was that Gibbs and Kate found themselves aboard the USS Philadelphia, with a very uncooperative crew. Commanding Officer Commander Peters seemed unwilling to accept the possibility that any of his crew had been replaced, and the five potential imposters all gave the pair no reason to clear them. At a minimum, Petty Officer Thompson, Petty Officer Drew, and Seaman Riggs all lied about various portions of their interviews. Fingerprints matched service records, which led Gibbs and Kate to believe that the records were altered.

But conjecture wasn’t enough for the CO, who ordered the men back to their stations and asked that Gibbs and Kate stop interrogating people unless they had more concrete evidence. After passing that information to the team members stateside, Kate and Gibbs had nothing to do but wait in the conference room with the COB watching the door like a hawk. Empty water bottles littered the table; no sooner had Kate finished off her second water bottle than Gibbs opened a third and placed it in front of her.

“Drink.”

“What's with all the water?” Kate asked.

“You got to hydrate on a submarine.”

“All you've had me doing is hydrating.”

“Drink it,” Gibbs insisted. He learned against the bulkhead while Kate took a long sip.

“So how's your bladder?” he asked.

Kate looked up at him. “What?”

“The COB's at the end of the passageway, trying to keep an eye on us. You got to distract him.”

Kate just raised an eyebrow, still waiting for an explanation.

“You're going to need help working the toilet.”

“Gibbs.”

“Trust me, Kate. On a submarine, it's a very complicated mechanism,” he said wryly.

“Is that why you've been shoving water down my throat for the past hour?”

“I want to check out Petty Officer Thompson,” Gibbs replied.

“Well, you don't have to drown me. You could just ask,” Kate admonished.

“Come on. Hydrating's good for you,” Gibbs said as Kate walked out of the door. “Go on, un-hydrate.”

Kate turned back to look at him, halfway out the door. “Never heard it called that before.”

Gibbs waved her down the passageway toward the COB. “Go on.”

Kate approached the COB and said “Commander Peters said I could use the facilities in his quarters, COB.”

“Yes, ma'am. This way.”

The COB escorted her to the CO’s cabin, where he had a private head. Kate discovered at that moment that Gibbs was serious about how complicated a submarine toilet was. A plaque with a dozen lines of directions adorned the wall, giving step by step instructions.

“Wow, Gibbs was not kidding when he said these were complicated,” Kate said.

“No ma’am,” said the COB. “A German U-Boat was lost in WWII because of improper operation of a toilet, and US submarines in the same time period actually assigned a crewman to solely show rescued civilians how to use it.”

“You’re kidding.”

“No ma’am,” COB answered. “After a number of… incidents on one sub, the crewman was instructed to just handle the operation himself. Given your limited time onboard, I think it would be best we do the same.”

Kate pursed her lips. Normally she would insist on reading the plaque and doing it herself, but she was here to distract him. And it certainly wouldn’t do for her to make a mistake and spray toilet water on herself, as she rather liked her clothes. Said clothes were a blue long sleeve sweater over a white collared undershirt. She wore black fullback panties under a pair of grey office pants.

“Okay, walk me through it,” Kate said. She stood in front of the toilet, actually beginning to feel rather desperate. She was at about a 7/10 after the three water bottles Gibbs made her drink. She crossed and uncrossed her legs once before positioning herself in front of the toilet and waiting for COB’s instructions. Kate intentionally moved slowly, asking for clarification where she required none and wasting time searching for components she had already located. COB’s impatience would have been obvious to anybody, but Kate couldn’t tell if he knew she was intentionally stalling.

Once the toilet bowl had partially filled with water, the COB told Kate to do her business as usual and fetch him once she was done so he could walk through the flushing process. She thanked him and closed the head door as he walked out. She took her time, pretending to struggle with her belt and dropping her badge on the floor. The commotion Kate was making was intended to dispel suspicion that she was intentionally wasting COB’s time, which of course was exactly what she was doing. Finally dropping her pants and underwear, she sat down on the toilet and relieved herself as normal. She tried to squeeze out as much pee as she could for the dual purpose of making this trip take as long as possible and of making sure her bladder was completely empty so she wouldn’t have to return.

The process to flush wasn’t any less complicated than to fill the bowl, and Kate made sure to drag it out as long as possible. There was only so much stalling she could do though, and COB was opening the door to the conference room after barely more than ten minutes.

“What? Where’s your boss?” The COB asked, glancing around the empty room.

“I don’t know,” Kate said. It wasn’t exactly a lie, she didn’t know where Petty Officer Thompson was. But that would be where Gibbs was as well. The COB swore and stalked off, clearly having some idea as to where Gibbs was.

Gibbs and COB came back some five minutes later, a sheepish smile on Gibbs’s face. “Busted.”

The COB glared at Gibbs. “I didn't appreciate that little stunt.”

“Cut us a little slack. No harm, no foul.”

“No, sir. The skipper's cooperated with you every step of the way,” COB said.

“Chief of the boat knows the crew better than the skipper. You bothered by any of the men we questioned?”

COB shook his head exasperatedly. “We've only been out one day, Agent Gibbs. I make it a practice not making snap judgments.”

“It could be something little, seemingly inconsequential,” Kate pressed.

“Did you get a strange vibration about any of them?” Gibbs asked.

“No. But if I do get any vibrations, they'll come to you through the skipper.” With that, the COB stormed out of the room.

Kate gave Gibbs a smirk. “Do people react that way because we're NCIS, or do you just have that effect on them?”

“I like to think it's me.”

They had hit a wall. There were no leads, nothing else to do until the Virginia team made contact with more information. After some time, Kate’s bladder began to fill again. She was at a 4/10, but she was concerned at how fast her need was growing. And she somehow doubted that the COB would be as accommodating as before. She and Gibbs paced the conference room, trying to think of any angle that could help them solve this case.

The lie that they sussed out from Petty Officer Thompson had turned out to simply be that he spent a year in juvie, and he lied about it so he could get clearance to work on submarines. An issue for later, not something that indicated he was the imposter. Petty Officer Drew and Seaman Riggs had also been lying about something, but they couldn’t get any closer without questioning them again. As the minutes ticked by, Kate’s need grew to a 5/10, then 6/10, then 7/10.

At that point, she had started crossing her legs as she paced and was unable to sit still. Gibbs picked up on her change in body language.

“Need another head call, Kate?”

Kate glared at him. “Well yes. Three bottles of water don’t just disappear. I told you, you should have just asked me to make an excuse to the COB.”

“I didn’t want to ask you to lie. Besides, nothing is stopping you from going now,” Gibbs countered.

“I don’t know how long we’re going to be here, and I don’t want to try and use that absurdly complicated toilet more than I’ll have to. So I’ll wait.”

Gibbs dropped the issue, and Kate kept up her pacing. The pressure in her bladder had increased to an 8/10, and she was sure she would need to ask to use the bathroom again soon. Neither she nor Gibbs broke the silence; there was nothing to say. As her need reached a 9/10, she decided to finally take her leave and relieve herself. She was just about to excuse herself when suddenly, the submarine lurched and an alarm begin to sound. The sub ascended rapidly at a steep angle, throwing Gibbs against the wall and Kate against Gibbs.

The sudden hard acceleration and accompanying alarm might have scared the piss out of anyone; but in Kate’s current state it was almost the inevitable reaction of her body. She felt her bladder contract uncontrollably, and pee began to stream out of her. She tried to stop it, but her bladder just continued to throb and ignore her command. Gravity and inertia still had her pressed against Gibbs, and Kate realized with a panic that while she was wetting her pants she might also be wetting his. She pushed herself off of Gibbs with great difficulty, slamming into the wall beside him while the sub continued speeding to the surface.

“What's happening?” She asked.

Gibbs looked around. “Emergency blow.”

The COB pulled himself into the room, struggling against the boat’s movement and told them “Skipper wants you. But hang on a moment.”

All three of them were now pressed against the wall, though only one of them had urine pouring into her grey suit pants. Were it not for the alarms all three of them would likely be able to hear the hiss of pee streaming into her black panties, and the patter of it draining out of the cuffs of her pants. The back of her pants was quickly soaked, and her front also had a large stain almost down to her knees.

The submarine breached the surface and leveled out. Kate was breathing hard as she felt her last drops of pee drain out, the liquid dripping on the floor audible now that the alarms had stopped. But she had no time to worry about her embarrassment. Gibbs and the COB couldn’t have missed what just happened, but they needed to get to the bridge straightaway and figure out what the hell was going on.

The three made their way to the bridge, Kate wincing as she felt her wet pants rubbing against her legs. The angle the sub had made while surfacing meant that instead of pooling at Kate’s feet, her urine had streamed out of the conference room and left a trail down the passageway. If either of the men had failed to notice her wetting her pants, the pale yellow stream on the deck left no doubt.

When they reached the bridge, the CO handed them an Emergency Action Message the sub had received from NCIS. The message confirmed the presence of an unidentified imposter onboard the sub and warned that the imposter planned to release sarin gas in the boat’s air conditioning, which is why Commander Peters had ordered the Philadelphia to surface immediately. The crew were prepping for a chemical attack and Peters looked to Gibbs.

“Any idea who the hell it is?” Peters asked.

“We're working on it,” Gibbs replied.

Kate was very aware of the wet stain on her pants, but most of the crew were less than focused on her. Navy training had kicked in, and every man on the sub was concerned only with doing their job until the danger had passed.

“Skipper, we've got another EAM coming in, sir,” a crewman called out. The printed message was handed to the CO, who took one look at it and then checked one of the sonar stations.

“Where is Petty Officer Drew?” Peters asked.

“He had to visit the head, sir,” the XO informed him. Peters silently passed the paper along to Gibbs who saw that it consisted of one word- “DREW”

Kate, Gibbs and Peters raced to the crew berthing; if “Drew” was going to release his chemical attack, he would need to retrieve his gas canister right now and get it into the AC before he was cornered. The agents led the way, and saw only one rack with the curtains drawn. Gibbs tossed the curtains and found the imposter dead on the mattress; he had killed himself before they could close in. Kate leaned against the wall and sighed. At least they knew exactly who the killer was now.

The sub’s doctor came in and took custody of the body. Kate wanted very much to go and change her pants, but they needed to thoroughly search “Drew’s” rack. There was a capsule of sarin gas missing, and she was willing to put up with peed in clothes if it meant finding the chemical weapon that could potentially kill everyone aboard this submarine. But after turning the rack inside out and searching every crevice, the agents had to concede that the gas was not there. Only then did Kate step away to change into clean pants.

After changing and cleaning herself as thoroughly as she could with wet wipes, Kate and Gibbs climbed out topside to make contact with NCIS. The agents in Virginia explained that the imposter was former Petty Officer Sean Travis, who had been dishonorably discharged. They also gave details about the device, which was smaller than a thumb.

After returning to the bridge, Peters gave the agents the sitrep. “Engineers have gone through the air conditioning system. Looks like he never got his canister into it.”

“It's somewhere on this boat,” Gibbs insisted.

“We'll search, but if it's as small as you say it is, it could be hidden just about anywhere.”

“Well, if the canister remains sealed, it shouldn't be a problem,” Gibbs said.

“Oh, we'll tear the boat apart if we have to, when we get to Norfolk. XO, prepare to dive,” the skipper ordered.

“Aye, aye, sir.”

“We're going back down?” Kate asked.

“We're 15 knots faster submerged than on the surface,” Peters replied.

“I'd leave the air conditioning system offline as a precaution,” Gibbs suggested.

“I fully intend to. It's going to get hot in here.”

Gibbs nodded at Peters and walked back towards the conference room. “We're used to taking heat.”

Kate could have sworn she saw the CO smile at that. As the agents walked back to the room, Kate saw a seaman swabbing the deck leading into it. She turned red at the realization that he was cleaning up her accident, but he made no indication that he was bothered. The seaman had already cleaned the floor in the conference room, leaving nothing but the smell of cleaning solution. Kate and Gibbs finally had a moment to sit down, relaxing for the first time since the emergency blow.

“I’m sorry,” Kate said.

“For what?”

She was taken aback. Was he planning to just ignore her accident, act like it never happened? “My… accident. I should have just bitten the bullet and used the damn rocket science toilet.”

“Kate- don’t worry about it,” Gibbs said.

Kate just looked at him.

Gibbs met her gaze, and said “I’ve seen more than enough people piss their pants. Hell, you’re not the first agent I’ve seen it happen to. And I’d bet you won’t be the last. We have a dangerous job, and it’s a relatively common stress reaction. But you kept your composure and didn’t let it get in the way of our job. That’s good enough for me.”

Kate was grateful for his reaction. She was worried she’d never be able to look him in the eyes again, but he was almost unphased by it.

“Just don’t ever tell Tony what happened. He’d never let you live it down.”

Kate laughed at that, and felt at ease. They sat and discussed the case, eventually coming to the conclusion that Sean Travis had swallowed the gas capsule so that it would release when his body was placed in the freezer. They jettisoned the body, preventing the attack and saving the lives of everyone on board.

The solve definitely bolstered Kate’s confidence, and let her put her wetting out of her mind. And true to his word, Gibbs never told another person about her accident.

