Sarah Walker: A Wet Spy (Chuck fanfiction)

Author: JamesK

*000*2024-01-13 05:58

If you have not seen the show Chuck, It’s a great comedy/drama spy series. I want to write several stories set in that show, but I don’t have a lot of free time. I’ll put appropriate spoiler warnings for when in the series each story is set. This first story is similar to herrokitty’s MCU series, where it takes part of the actual story (the second episode of the series in this case) and adds an accident into the narrative. Here’s an exposition dump (written in the spoiler box) for the premise if you’re unfamiliar with the show.

Spoiler

Chuck Bartowski was an underachieving guy living a boring life working as tech support and customer service at an electronics store. He was tall and skinny, pale from many days inside playing video games or selling them. He had dark curly hair and an air of nerdy awkwardness about him.

Chuck lived with his older sister Ellie and her fiancé Devon Woodcomb, in their two bedroom apartment in Burbank, California. Ellie was a beautiful young woman, dark shoulder length hair and stunning eyes. Devon was a ridiculously handsome man, with perfect eyes, perfect hair, and perfect physique from many, many adventurous activities. His appearance and personality earned him the nickname Captain Awesome from Chuck, though not within earshot.

Ellie and Awesome were both doctors, which only added to how perfect both of them seemed. Life was fairly normal until Chuck was plunged into the world of espionage after being sent a comprehensive catalogue of national intelligence secrets compiled into one program.

That program was code named “The Intersect,” and rogue agent Bryce Larkin had sent it to Chuck. It was comprised of thousands of encoded images, meant to be flashed by on a screen for an observer. Taken separately, each image meant nothing. But played in quick succession, it could allow an agent to comprehend all the data stored in the Intersect.

Chuck was overwhelmed by the images that comprised the Intersect, but he has perfect recall of any information on it. He sees a code name, a phrase, a weapon or identifying feature and any intelligence that was stored in the Intersect came flashing through his head. It was an invaluable resource, but it was not meant to be used on humans yet. And was certainly not meant to be used on a civilian.

But Bryce Larkin had destroyed the original Intersect before he sent it to Chuck, so until it could be rebuilt the CIA and NSA both needed Chuck close at hand and under constant guard. He was scared of what might happen if anyone learned about the secrets in his head, so he agreed to government protection until the Intersect could be rebuilt. That meant cover identities for the two agents assigned to protect him: John Casey and Sarah Walker.

Sarah was a strikingly beautiful blonde woman, with a tall and athletic build as well as clear blue eyes-perfect for getting opponents to drop their guard or spill their secrets. Major Casey was a more imposing figure: muscular and stoic to a fault, dark hair cut short and a square face shaved clean every day.

Major Casey would get a job at Chuck’s store, the Buy More, so he could always be close by. Sarah went to work at a hot dog shop across the street named Wienerlicious. To give a reason for Chuck and Sarah to spend so much time together, Sarah would pose as his girlfriend until the Intersect could be safely removed from Chuck’s memory.

NSA General Diane Beckman and CIA Director Langston Graham had sent one Dr. Zarnow, a man who specialized in the Intersect, to examine Chuck. Zarnow was not privy to Chuck’s identity, given only the name Patient X for his examination. Zarnow was very impressed by Chuck’s potential, and optimistic that he could remove the Intersect with no ill effects. Until, of course, he was killed in a fiery explosion.

On inspection of the crime scene, Sarah and Casey both suspected the other of committing the murder. Sarah told Chuck that Casey had committed the murder, and Chuck believed her. Casey went to arrest her, but she got the upper hand in their fight. He barely escaped, but managed to convince Chuck that Sarah was tying up loose ends. Casey told Chuck that she was going to kill him and anyone else who had seen him. Chuck remembered that he had invited Sarah for a dinner party with Ellie and Devon. He rushed home to protect them, but Sarah was already there.

Sarah had left the Weinerliscous shortly after her fight with Casey to bake a soufflé for the party at Chuck and Ellie’s. She was feeling a pressure on her bladder; they were understaffed at her cover job, and she’d had no time for a bathroom break after cleaning up the mess she and Casey had made. As it was, she barely had time to change into a plum colored top with dark jeans and get the dessert out of the oven before she needed to be at the party. When Sarah arrived however, Chuck wasn’t even there yet. She was greeted instead by Captain Awesome, Ellie, and Chuck’s best friend Morgan. Concern mounting, she did her best to look casual as she set her soufflé down on the table. Sarah was about to excuse herself to the bathroom and call Chuck when Ellie foisted a glass of wine on her. To avoid appearing rude or breaking her cover, Sarah lowered herself into a chair and sipped her wine, all possibilities of where Chuck might have gone whizzing through her head.

Her concern was unwarranted however, as Chuck soon burst into the apartment.

“Where have you been?” Sarah said with a smile.

“Why? You, uh, you surprised to see me?” Chuck asked, making some very exaggerated expressions

“What? Where's Casey?” Sarah suddenly had an inkling that Chuck had had some kind of run in with him.

“I don't know. Maybe he's having some car trouble.” He said, almost more with his eyebrows than his mouth.

As the others welcomed Chuck into the dinner party, Sarah mulled over what he said. They settled in to eat, and Devon started asking about her past. Sarah began her well-rehearsed conversation about her cover background. As always, she would tell them nothing true about herself. Suddenly, there was a knock on the door and John Casey entered the room. Chuck quickly ran up to greet him and told the party at large that he had invited Casey for Dinner. Chuck and Casey then ducked into Chuck’s room to get another chair, leaving Sarah certain that John had somehow convinced Chuck that she had killed Zarnow. After some more dinner antics (in which Chuck and Casey managed to set the soufflé Sarah brought on fire) Sarah finally got Chuck alone with her in the bathroom.

The irony that she had finally found herself in a bathroom and yet was no closer to relieving herself was not lost on her as she slammed Chuck against the door and demanded,

“Tell me exactly what Casey said!”

“Nothing. Everything’s Okay,” Chuck said through strained lips.

“What did he tell you?” She asked again, maneuvering Chuck’s arm to control a pressure point in his wrist.

“That you killed Dr. Zarnow and poisoned a bunch of french diplomats.”

“They're blaming me for Zarnow?”

“If you're planning on hurting me, even to prove a point, I think you should know I have a very low threshold for pain.”

Sarah twisted his arm behind him, positioning herself behind his ear and asked,“And you believe Casey?”

“Tell me about the french diplomats.”

“They were french assassins, and they were after me, but I got to them first. And you know what? I'm kinda glad that I did. Chuck, do you really think that my name is Sarah? I never asked you to believe me. I asked you to trust me.”

Sarah took a breath, then started thinking out loud.

“This doesn't make sense. If Casey didn't kill Zarnow, then... “

Sarah trailed off, then let go of Chuck’s arm and headed out the door.

“What are you doing?” Chuck asked.

“I have to go right now.” Sarah briskly walked out the door, making excuses to everyone on her way out. A few moments after she got out the door, she heard Chuck exit behind her.

“Sarah, wait!” Chuck called after her.

“You stay inside. Do what I say.” Sarah said, turning to face him as she donned her jacket. She turned away just as quickly and continued walking out of the complex. As soon as she got to the sidewalk, a car screeched to a halt in front of her. Zarnow, alive and well, climbed out of the car and pointed a tranquilizer gun at her. Sarah yelled out for Casey as she drew her own firearm, but was too slow. Zarnow hit her with two darts, and she was instantly knocked out.

When Sarah awoke, she was standing alone in what looked like an abandoned dock warehouse. Her arms were chained together above her head, but she was able to stand her full weight on her feet. Her jacket had been removed, and her top was torn towards the bottom. Her mouth was covered by a strip of duct tape, but she was entirely unharmed. Her biggest discomfort was that her bladder was now exceptionally full; like when first waking up in the morning. She was honestly surprised she hadn’t peed while she was unconscious, but she knew she couldn’t hold it much longer.

She tried to observe as much about her environment as possible to see if there was anything she could turn to her advantage. Zarnow wasn’t there, but she had no idea how close he was. The idea to call for help was dismissed as soon as it crossed her mind; there wasn’t likely to be anyone around at this hour, and if Zarnow was close enough to hear she would lose the element of surprise. She wished she had been able to use the bathroom earlier, as the intense pressure in her bladder was quite distracting. Sarah pulled on the chain above her head, and saw that it had no obvious weaknesses. It consisted of traditional handcuffs on her wrists with a chain connecting them to a beam high above her. The only way out would be to pick the locks on the cuffs to free her hands.

Minutes passed as Sarah looked around desperately for something to pick her cuffs, and crossed her legs desperately trying to alleviate the pressure in her bladder. Neither situation was getting any closer to resolution, and she felt a spurt of urine escape her. She clenched hard and managed to stem the flow, but her panties were now undeniably wet. Sarah didn’t look down to see if she had a noticeable wet spot on her jeans; she didn’t have time to bother with that. She instead continued to take in as much information about her surroundings as possible and try to find an escape route.

Another spurt escaped her exhausted muscles, warming her already wet panties with a new stream and beginning to seep into her jeans. This too, she managed to stop, though the sent of her own urine was now radiating towards her nose. Sarah knew it was a losing battle, but refused to give in. Another trickle soon followed, and this time it was much harder to stop. Streams of hot pee were running slowly down her legs, saturating her panties and staining her jeans as it spread outward.

She felt her pee wicking upwards across her shapely rear, and the rivulets of warm urine were now escaping her jeans to drip directly onto the floor. The streams that were not dripping donto the floor continued to flow down her legs, quickly filling her shoes before overflowing to join the growing puddle beneath her feet. Sarah sighed and resigned herself to her accident, fully relaxing her taxed bladder and peeing freely into her pants. By the time she was empty, she was standing in an impressive puddle and her jeans and panties were utterly soaked.

Sarah felt the warm liquid cooling quickly, and couldn’t help but feel relieved. She knew the job she had chosen would put her in difficult situations, and that she would not always have easy access to a bathroom. She also knew that there was nothing she could have done to prevent having an accident, and that made her feel moderately better about it. Sarah once again began searching for a way out of her predicament (discovering that her rapidly cooling wet pants were just as distracting as her full bladder had been) when she heard a door open close to her. She prepared herself for the worst, and was shocked to see not Zarnow, but Chuck enter the room.

“Sarah, are you okay?” He asked.

“What are you doing here?” Sarah tried to say through the tape covering her mouth.

Chuck, ignoring her question, said of his own,

“Stupid question. Okay, uh, should I... ?” He took the tape off of Sarah’s lips, saying sorry as he tore it off.

“Chuck, you have to get out of here.”

“No, I'm here to save you.” Chuck replied.

“You shouldn't even be here; you're too valuable, and, besides, I have this well in hand.” Sarah insisted, even though she hadn’t the slightest clue how she would escape without help.

“Uh-huh, yeah, 'cause it looks well in hand.” Chuck said with nervous sarcasm. He then noticed the puddle beneath their feet, and the stain on Sarah’s jeans.

“Did you…you know…”

Sarah could not care less at the moment how embarrassing this situation would be in normal circumstances, and instead said quickly

“Yes, I wet my pants, but is that really what you need to focus on right now? Just find me something to pick this lock.”

Chuck started looking around. “I don't... okay, here.” He said, spying a pin that could pick the cuffs. He put the pin in her hands, and then they heard the door open again.

Sarah looked back towards the sound, and hissed “Go, go, go!”

Chuck was about to turn away before he remembered something. “The tape, the tape!” He replaced the tape over her mouth and ran off to hide.

This time, the new arrival was Zarnow. “The helicopter's ready, Agent Walker. This is your last chance.” Zarnow said. He looked at her and noticed her accident.

“Frightened, are you? Where you’re going, they have people that make me look like a fluffy kitten. Of course, I could just release you now if you tell me… Who. Is. Patient X?”

Sarah stared defiantly into Zarnow’s face. He sighed and raised a needle filled with a new dose of sedative.

“Something for the flight,” he said grimly.

“Oh, crap,” Chuck blurted out from his hiding place.

Sarah tried to yell for Chuck to run through the tape over her mouth as Zarnow turned to face him. Chuck tried to run away, but stopped in his tracks when Zarnow hurled the sedative needle at him. Chuck turned to look at Zarnow for the first time.

When Chuck saw Zarnow’s face, the Intersect in his head flooded his mind with fresh information. “I know you. I know your secret. You-you've been feeding american science to north korea for years.”

A look of comprehension crossed Zarnow’s face as he raised his tranquilizer to point at Chuck. “Ah, patient X. To think that my secrets are in that head of yours. It's an honor, really. Of course, to hell with honor. I'm here for the impressive dollar figure the human intersect will fetch. Who will I offer you to first?” Zarnow then shot Chuck with the tranquilizer. Chuck called out Sarah’s name as he collapsed, and fell silent. Zarnow left Sarah chained, leaving with a quip about taking good care of Chuck.

After Zarnow began to leave, Sarah returned to picking the lock, and was free just in time to see John Casey enter the room. They ran out together to see a helicopter taking off. It began to fly erratically, and Sarah realized with horror that Chuck had somehow gained control of it. She and Casey managed to talk Chuck through landing the helicopter, and he emerged with a look of triumph on his face. Casey ran to secure the perpetrators in the chopper and Chuck turned to Sarah with adrenaline on his face saying

“And that is how... I do... that!”

Seeing the anger on Sarah’s face, he amended his statement “Okay, that’s how we do that. Go, team. Sarah... Up top on that one. Palms are a little sweaty, but-“

Sarah interrupted him, yelling, “what the hell were you thinking?”

Chuck said nervously, “Clammy hands, got it, no good”

Sick of Chuck’s attitude, Sarah said “Chuck, the secrets that you know are incredibly important. You compromised everything when you stopped trusting me.”

“And when you got out of the car,” Casey added, having returned from the helicopter.

“Listen, I'm... I'm sorry, okay?” Chuck started.

“No, it is not okay. How could you think I was the double, huh? You know, I am not Bryce. Bryce betrayed everything that I believe in, and if you ever accuse me of that again, then I will walk away. Mission over. We all go back to washington. And you do not want that to happen, Chuck. That you should trust me on.” And with that, Sarah walked away.

Sarah’s emotions were all over the place, and she worked to reign them back in. After she was out of sight she felt the cold clamminess of her pee-stained jeans again. She had almost forgotten about her accident in the rush. She bent down, feeling the cold wet denim press against her skin as she pulled off her right shoe, turning it over to drain the pooled urine from it. She repeated the process with her left, and got somewhere quiet where she could make her report to Director Graham. When she emerged, she found Casey guarding the helicopter and Chuck gone.

“I sent the Asset home, Walker. Once he’s back in his apartment the surveillance will take over. His car has a tracker on it in the meantime.”

Sarah didn’t say anything. Just hours ago, she and Casey had both believed the other had murdered Zarnow and betrayed their country. Now, they trusted each other implicitly. That was how it went in the spy game. It was hard to know who to trust, and often the only thing you can count on are your own instincts. But Sarah had learned tonight that John Casey, whatever else may be true, had a strong sense of duty. She could trust him to help her carry out their assignment. And it was going to be a long one.

*002*2024-01-30 05:07

I’m really bad about getting on topic to write, but I’m slightly better about staying on task if it’s on request. I’m working on another story involving Sarah, though that story won’t take place in any episode, and will include messing. I would also be up for writing some for Community, How I Met Your Mother, Scrubs, Psych, or Brooklyn 99. NCIS is also good, but I’m only on season seven. I’m sure I can think of some others as well, but those are the ones I at least already have a scenario in mind.

*004*2024-02-01 09:17

{{On 1/30/2024 at 1:51 PM, LifeIsStrange said:

Not really into messing myself but I would definitely like to see an omo story for Community involving Britta being desperate.

}}

I’ll get on it. I can think of three potential stories for Britta at the moment.

*006*2024-02-15 15:23

{{On 2/1/2024 at 2:42 PM, LifeIsStrange said:

Cool looking forward to it.

Also wouldn't mind seeing Tracy, Robin and Lily having a holding contest on How I Met Your Mother.

}}

$iframe allowfullscreen data-embedauthorid="202940" data-embedcontent data-embedid="embed7249560603" style="height:339px;max-width:502px;" data-embed-src="https://www.omorashi.org/topic/97602-oh-britta%E2%80%99s-in-this-a-community-fanfic/?do=embed&comment=2152018&embedComment=2152018&embedDo=findComment#comment-2152018"

Here’s my Britta story (set in the video game episode.) I’m still working on the HIMYM story, I needed to watch all the Tracy episodes again before I could write it.

$

*008*2024-02-15 20:47

{{2 hours ago, LifeIsStrange said:

Cool thanks! Dosen't Tracy only show up in like the last episode?

}}

She’s in a few episodes of the last season, she meets everyone in the group before she meets Ted. And there are some flashforwardbacks showing some of his significant moments with her.

