(Auto-narration story) Times of Desperation - Dinner Trouble at the Manor

Author: James_

*000*2021-10-29 21:09

Hello again all,

I am back with another auto-narrated audio story. This time, I reached out to story writer, DespMely

, to ask her permission to use her story: "Times of Desperation - Dinner Trouble at the Manor". She graciously gave me permission to use her work and so I tried my best to keep it as close to the original as I could while making the narrator sound as human as I could.

The original post of story can be found here:

$iframe allowfullscreen data-embedauthorid="8587" data-embedcontent data-embedid="embed8680875325" scrolling="no" style="height:208px;max-width:502px;" data-embed-src="https://www.omorashi.org/topic/31992-times-of-desperation-dinner-trouble-at-the-manor/?do=embed"

As stated above, this story was not written by me. However, some of the story was changed by me to be easier to read for the narrator. All credit for the story still goes to its original creator, DespMely

.

The text narrator I used came from here: https://readloud.net/english/american/32-female-voice-kendra.html

As a word of warning, the first time I went to use it, the site took me elsewhere for some clickbait bs, but I went back and it worked fine after.

Hope you all enjoy, and please let me know what you think. There's a good chance I'll continue using this for my own enjoyment so if others want it too I'd love to know.

Cheers,

James_

Times_of_Desperation_406.mp3

