Jess & Sophie - The Changing Limit

Author: JMatthews1995

*000*2020-06-13 16:37

Hi All, I started this story ages ago. I can't remember where I was going with it. I will have to re-read it and see what I want to finish up with. Enjoy what there is though. Hopefully it's reasonably decent.

It was a Friday evening. Jess and Sophie were snuggled in bed after a busy day.

"I have a naughty fetish idea tomorrow for you Jessy!" whispered Soph. "Every pee we do has to be fully clothed. You can change ONE item of clothing per wetting. Before each wetting I will be deciding what we will be doing next in the day so you will have to choose your item to change wisely!"

Jess' eyes lit up with excitement and she snuggled Soph tightly.

"I love you Soph! You know that?"

Soph nodded and gave Jess a quick kiss before rolling over and snuggling into the duvet to sleep.

"Goodnight hun" She muttered as she began to fall asleep.

The next morning came around and both girls had their first morning pees around 8am as they would any other day. They both got dressed and prepared for their naughty day ahead.

Jess put on a pair of pink panties, tight dark jeans and her converse on her pretty little feet. Soph opted for a leather skirt, blue panties and a pair of ballet flats.

"Right then Jess. After the first wetting, we will be walking into town and getting a breakfast! Choose your change of clothing wisely!"

Jess was already worried. She was wearing a pair of dark jeans and converse! She could only change one! It would definitely have to be her jeans, meaning, she would have to stomp all the way to town with pee soaked little feet. Not something she was going to complain about of course though!

"You go first then Jess" Muttered Soph. Jess did as she was told and released her bladder muscles. A wave of pleasure rolled over her as the first warm spurt hit the fabric of her panties. The warmth spread quickly down the inside of her sexy thighs, guided by the tight fabric of her jeans. She shivered with pleasure as she felt the pee trickle down the sides of her soft bare feet and under the arches of her soles quickly pooling around her soft beautiful toes. Soph stared on with excitement as her girlfriend soaked her self in front of her.

"What clothes do you want me to go and grab for you hun?" Soph said, staring at the puddle at Jess' feet.

"Grab me my long summer skirt Soph!" Soph hurried off. Jess, trying to make the best of a bad situation had taken her converse off and tipped as much pee out of them as she could and pulled her tight wet jeans down. Now stood barefoot in a huge pee puddle, Soph returned.

"You messy girly!" Giggled Soph as she handed Jess her long skirt. "God your feet are sexy!" Soph had always loved Jess' feet. What with her having a huge foot fetish!

"Pass me my converse Soph" Said Jess as she pulled her skirt into place, hiding her sopping wet panties.

"Your poor feet Jess!" Muttered Soph as she watched Jess slide her soaked feet back into her still wet converse. "They're going to be so pissy!" She said excitedly.

Jess composed her self. Stepped out of her puddle and stood wiggling her wet toes in her converse.

"Right, your turn Soph!"

"Oh this will be easy" Said Soph, looking smug at her choice of clothing. She positioned her self in front of Jess, legs tight together. The release was instant, she had got so good at peeing on command that it was no longer any different to a normal pee on the toilet. Instantly the pee saturated her blue panties and flooded down the inside of her thighs, pouring all over her ballet flats.

"Mmmmm Jess this feels sooo good!" Mumbled Soph as the pee overflowed her shoes and made a huge puddle around her feet.

"Which shoes or panties do you want me to get for you Soph?" Said Jess in a jealous sounding tone.

"Grab me a different skirt Jess. I'm not keen on this one." Jess looked surprised.

"You're not changing your wet panties or shoes Soph?!" She said with excitement.

"No way!! I want a sopping wet little pussy and there is no way I'm giving up these wet little shoesies!"

Jess felt her clit throb! Here was her sexy girlfriend giving up her chance to redeem any form of cleanliness for her little pussy.

"I love you Sophie!" giggled Jess as Soph stood wiggling her soaked toes around in her ballet flats. "You're just soooooo damn naughty!"

Soph slid into a fresh skirt and the two girls headed out for their walk down to the town. Sophs choice of ballet flats was perfect. Each step she took more pee splashed out in fine droplets and by the time she had reached the town her little feet were basically dry. Jess on the other hand wasn't so lucky! The tops of her converse had dried enough that they weren't visibly wet. Her soft soles and pretty little toes however were still nice and pissy. Each step that the girls took was another tickle as their wet panties rubbed against their pissy pussies.

"I bet you're so horny aren't you Jess. Walking along with your wet little feet and your pissy little pussy!" Teased Soph.

"Mhmmm!" Moaned Jess. Struggling to keep her mind of Sophie's gorgeous wet little lips. "It's more the fact that your cute little pussy is wet that's getting me tingly Soph!"

Soph looked around, made sure the coast was clear and lifted her skirt, flashing her wet panties at Jess.

"She's going to be such a pissy girly all day Jessy!" She teased. Jess felt her clit throb with excitement.

The girls finally arrived at the cafe about 25 minutes after they set up. Both of them now suitably dry but still slightly damp settled into their seats and ordered breakfast. Soph ordered the drinks.

"Two large coffees please" She said to the waitress. Jess smiled with excitement. "Right Jess. The next place we will be going is the cinema. We'll go home, pee our selves, change one item of clothing, and then head straight there."

Both of them sit nervously on their seats knowing full well their little panties were all damp and pissy between their legs. Once finished they headed back to the house. Soph was basically totally dry by this point and Jess was only dealing with slightly damp shoes.

On arriving home, Soph led Jess around to the back of the house. What item of clothing shall I get for you from in the house Jess?

"Grab me some ballet flats. I need to get my pissy little feet out of these converse if we are going out again!" She waited as Soph disappeared into the house and returned with a pair of ballet flats for Jess.

"What did you get for you Soph?" Asked Jess, excited to see what she'd chosen.

Soph had nothing in her hands. She looked at Jess.

"I chose, your converse Jess!" Soph looked down at Jess' slightly damp little shoes.

"Nooo!! Sophie you can't sit in a cinema with pee soaked converse!"

"Watch me!" Teased Soph. "Go on baby! Soak your self again!"

Jess released. Her second flood of pee poured through her pink panties and down her legs totally flooding her converse for the second time.

"Good girly!" Teased Soph, watching excitedly as Jess drenched her converse and feet once again. Soph then released as well, rewetting her tight blue panties. Her hot pee flooded down her legs and totally overflowed her ballet flats yet again. She watched as Jess began taking her converse off.

"Soph your poor little feet!" exclaimed Jess.

"Will be soooooo pissy and soft by tonight, I know Jess!" Teased Soph as she took Jess' soaked converse from her hands. She tipped Jess' pee out and then slid her ballet flats off before slipping her feet straight into Jess' converse. "Oh god they are sooo wet and warm!" She muttered. Watching this time as Jess slipped her wet little footsies into her fresh ballet flats.

The film didn't start for an hour and a half. This gave Soph long enough to spend in the garden getting Jess' converse suitably dry before going into the cinema. The walk there was also bound to help dry her sexy little feet.

"Can I smell your pussy Jess?" Teased Soph as they sat next to each other on the garden sun loungers. "I want to see how pissy she smells!"

Jess had no issue with this at all. She sat her self on the edge of the sun lounger and spread her legs, presenting her pissy panties and pussy to Sophie. Soph leaned in, gently put her fingers under the side of Jess' panties and pulled them to the side, revealing Jess' puffy wet pussy lips.

"Mmmmmmm Jessy! She smells incredible! So pissy and yummy!"

Jess felt the cool breeze on her clit, that paired with Sophs conformation that he pussy smelled amazing made her tingle with excitement. Soph leaned closer and gently kissed Jess' pissy pussy. Jess quivered with excitement and Soph flicked her tight wet panties back over her pissy lips.

"Can't wait to lick that dirty girly clean later!" Teased Soph.

After an hour of chilling in the garden the girls headed out for the cinema. It would take at least 30 minutes walk, long enough Jess hoped for her still rather damp converse on Sophs feet to dry out. Each step that Soph took she felt her soft little soles squeeze the wet material in the base of her shoes. Her poor little toes were really quite pissy but she didn't care! If anything it was turning her on more! Jess was pleased with her self as she had fresh ballet flats on her little pissy feet and near enough totally dry panties clinging to her scented pissy pussy. It couldn't be much better in her opinion!

Arriving at the cinema the girls lined up in the queue for tickets and food. With the tickets sorted the food and drink were next. Soph went first.

"I'll have a large lemonade please." She said, glancing over at Jess who knew full well that Soph's pussy would be begging for relief before the films even finished.

"And I'll have a large diet coke please." Said Jess, feeling her clit throb with excitement.

The girls entered the cinema and found a quiet spot with few people around. Jess was conscious that Sophs little converse might be a bit pee scented. She couldn't tell her self but who knew if people would have better senses of smell than she did. Jess shivered as she sat down and felt her damp panties pressed against her firm butt. She then crossed her legs tightly which squeezed her pissy pussy tight between her tighs, clamping her lips onto either side of her pussy swollen clit and squeezing her damp panties tight against her. She nearly came in her pantie there and then!

Soph settled her self next to Jess and crossed her legs tightly as well whilst gulping at her drink. She was getting her self ready for some serious desperation. She always knew both her and Jess got really desperate to pee at the cinema.

As the film passed the girls gradually got more and more desperate to pee. Neither had peed for at least 2 hours and their huge coffees in the morning and drinks at the cinema were really beginning to take a toll on their bladders. Jess kept glancing down at her converse on Sophs feet. She was fantasizing about kneeling at the edge of the bed, forced by Soph to worship her pissy little feet and toes.

A whole hour and a half passed. Their large coffees and almost an entire large soda was now quickly filling Soph and Jess' bladders. Jess felt her bladder throb and instinctively grabbed her self. Forgetting that her damp pissy panties were between her legs. The warm damp fabric pressed into her pussy lips and she quivered. Just half an hour left and her bladder was already getting rather full. Soph on the other hand seemed to be maintaining very good composure. She was sat, comfortably with her legs crossed and her head back on the chair. She looked to be handling the situation very well. What Jess didn't know was that Sophs pussy was a quivering little mess, begging for relief! Every minute passing was bringing her closer to peeing her self! Suddenly a wave of desperation overcame Soph. A hot spurt sprayed out of her quivering pee hole into her damp panties. She gasped and rammed her hand into her pussy and regained control.

"I have to go Jess!" she exclaimed before hurrying out of the cinema, legs as tight together as possible whilst walking.

Jess sat anxiously waiting for her girlfriend to come back. Hoping she hadn't wet her self on the way to the bathroom. Suddenly Soph dropped her self back onto the chair next to Jess.

"I've basically just pissed my self in a public toilet Jess!" Muttered Soph. "I was leaking all down my legs as I was closing the stall door. My panties are all wet and loads trickled down into your converse!!!"

Jess nearly squirted in her own panties hearing that Soph had just wet her self in public. Soph took Jess' hand and placed it between her legs onto her soaked warm panties. Jess didn't know what to do. She just sat there, with her hand on her girlfriends sopping pussy, in public! By now her own bladder was sending some very sharp signals to her brain. PEE PEE PEE! each wave felt like torture. Forcing her pee scented pussy to hold felt so wrong, but, at the same time, so right! She forced her pussy to hold right to the very end!

The final 20 minutes of the film were pure torture. Her bladder was begging for relief and her pussy was spasming every minute or so, each requiring some action on her part to keep her pee hole clamped shut. As soon as the credits rolled Jess hopped up and hurried out of the cinema. Soph rushed after her as Jess hurried across the car park and down an alley way. As soon as she was out of sight her pussy gave way, releasing a waterfall of hot pee down her bare legs and into her ballet flats. The relief was almost orgasmic. She quivered with excitement as the pee spread around her puffy lips and bathed her already pee smelling pussy in yet another flood of warm pee.

"I had to pee SOOOO Freaking bad Soph! My pussy has been begging for like a whole hour!" Jess exclaimed after the flood was over.

"It looks it baby! You're soaked!"

"Lets get home quick!" exclaimed Jess.

The walk home was risky. Soph kept an eye out for anyone nearby as Jess hurried along. Pee splashing around her soft feet in her ballet flats. As soon as they arrived home Soph announced the next plan of the day.

"Right then Jess. The next place we are going is out for tea. We will be eating in the pub garden so we should be relatively far from people. It might be slightly chilly though."

Both girls, knowing it might be a little cold out, decided to change their skirts for a nice pair of jeans. They decided to wait for a little while for their panties to dry to the point of just being slightly damp, then began changing. Jess watched as Soph slid her wet feet out of her converse.

"Those poor little feet Soph! Surely you want to change to some ballet flats or heels instead?"

"They'll be fine Jess. They are used to being all sweaty in converse anyway. What difference does a little pee make?"

"I suppose! Your little toes must be so pissy though now!"

"Probably, but we'll be outside so it'll be fine!"

They both slipped into their Jeans and headed out to the pub. Yet again this was another 20 or so minute walk, giving both Jess' ballet flats and Soph's converse the time required to dry out a bit. Their panties at this point were already feeling rather dry, although were really starting to get rather scented by this point.

"When I was changing into my Jeans I could smell my pissy panties Jess!" Teased Soph as they walked along. "My pussy is going to smell so good by the time we are cuddling in bed tonight!"

Soph knew how to press Jess' buttons. Every time she said something like that Jess would feel her clit quiver with excitement and have to force her self to resist just diving on Sophie and licking her pissy pussy clean right there in the street!

The walk to the pub was relatively uneventful. Once there, they stood casually at the bar to order some drinks. Jess was very wary that people might be able to smell her and Soph so they stood out of the way at the end of the bar that no one was at. Once they had their drinks, both a large white wine, they went outside and found a nice secluded place. Sitting on a bench opposite each other in a quiet beer garden felt rather relaxing after all the naughty stuff they had done during the day. Soph had got her self nice and comfortable and then suddenly she felt something under the table. Jess had slipped her little foot out of her ballet flats and was stroking her soft pissy toes up and down Soph's legs. She managed to slide her foot between them and pressed her toes into Sophs jeans covered pussy.

"My sexy little feet need licking clean so badly today Sophie!" She teased as she gently massaged Soph's quivering pussy with her soft soles. "I can't believe how many times I have soaked them with warm pee. I feel so dirty Sophie!"

"Stop it Jess! You're getting me all wet!"

"Baby, you've been wet all day! What would a little squirt matter?"

Soph grabbed Jess' pissy foot under the table and began tickling it. She knew Jess wouldn't be able to stay discrete having her soles tickled. Jess laughed like crazy and people looked over. She quickly took her foot away and slid it back into her slightly damp ballet flat.

Soph and Jess had ordered another drink with their meals and then a 3rd after. By the end of the evening they had both drank 2 glasses of wine and a large cocktail jug each! Jess decided it was time to head home as her bladder was starting to need relief! The walk home was risky. Their bladders both throbbing and both of them wearing jeans that would so obviously show the wetness!

Arriving home, the girls hurried around to the back garden. Soph instantly lost it and a huge dark patch appeared on her jeans, flooding down the insides of her sexy thighs and filling Jess' converse once again.

"My god I was desperate Jess!" muttered Soph, her face showing pure relief.

"You looked it!"

