The Knights Of Favonius (Genshin Impact)

Author: JackFrost16

*000*2020-10-24 01:08

As the sun shone above the city of Mondstadt, Amber's eyes opened. She stretched lazily and yawned before getting out of bed. Quickly, she got dressed donning her usual red and white top along with brown shorts. Amber grabbed her favorite weapon, a trusty bow, on her way out of the door. Stepping into the city she loved, Amber smiled before starting the walk to work. Amber loved her job. She was a Knight of Favonious, a part of the organization sworn to protect Mondstadt from harm. Amber was no ordinary Knight however. She was the organization's only Outrider, frequently venturing into the land around the city to round up stray creatures that would otherwise harm travelers.

As Amber pulled open the doors to The Knight's headquarters, she felt a small ache in her stomach. She knew the feeling well. As an Outrider, Amber was accustomed to spending long periods of time away from the usual facilities that civilization had to offer. She dismissed the thought, knowing that she could hold her bladder for a good while. She was no where near desperate enough to actively seek out a bathroom, and if worse came to worse, a bush was always available.

Entering the library, Amber noticed two figure chatting in the center of the room. One of the figures was easily identifiable as Lisa the librarian due to her large pointed witch's hat. the other figure remained a mystery until Amber got closer to the conversation. Hearing her approach, both figures turned around. Amber smiled as she recognized the woman standing next to Lisa.

The women was blond, and dressed in a white shirt with a sky blue overcoat hanging loosely on her shoulders. She wore a scabbard containing a fearsome looking blade, and white leggings to match her shirt. The women's name was Jean. She was the Grand Master of The Knights of Favoinous, and had been Amber's idol ever since she started leading the order.

"Hey Amber!" Lisa said. "I've got an important assignment for you."

" Sure! What is it?" was Amber's cheerful reply. She wanted to seem as willing as possible in front of her commander.

"A camp of hillchurls has been seen by Springvale. It's a larger group than usual."

"That shouldn't be a problem" Amber said. Hillchurls were a common occurrence in the area surrounding Mondstadt.

"I'll come with you" said Jean. Amber was surprised. Jean only came on expeditions if Mondstadt was in direct danger. "I want to see how our very best Outrider does her job."

Amber couldn't help but blush at the praise. After quickly agreeing, the two women went to prepare for their journey. Filling up their bags with food, water and medical supplies, they left the headquarters to begin their quest. Amber couldn't help but think again of her bodily needs. She glanced around, but saw no bathroom readily available. She decided that she would just go once they arrive d in Springvale.

Springvale was a quaint town a few miles to the south of Mondstadt. It was a short ride, but nevertheless Amber could feel her bladder steadily fill. She was at the point where normally she would either find a toilet or aa bush to relive herself. jean's presence complicated the matter. For one Amber didn't want to force Jean to stop just so she could use the bathroom, but also she was afraid it might lower Jean's opinion of her best, and only, Outrider. So Amber decided that she could at least wait until the reached the town to take a break.

As the small town rose on the horizon, the two riders noticed plumes of smoke rising from the outskirts of the settlement. It appeared that the hillchurls had set up camp just outside the town limits. As the two approached they could see nearly twenty of the huminoid creature gathered inside a cruelly constructed fence, surrounding a large fire pit. Wordlessly Amber and Jean dismounted a ways away from the creatures and crouched behind the meager foliage provided by the valley's plants.

"I'm going to sneak around the other side and attack from there. You cover me with your bow." Jean whispered. Amber nodded her agreement, and the Grand master slunk off to the right. Amber was now left with nothing but her thoughts as she waited for Jean's attack. Those thoughts turned naturally to her bladder. Amber had unconsciously been squeezing her thighs together and jiggling her legs up and down in an effort to lighten the strain. Amber cursed her earlier decision not to stop for a restroom break. She had hoped that they would pause in Springvale before engaging the hillchurls, but that fantasy had never come to pass.

As she sat behind the bushes, Amber came to a realization. While Jean was on the other side pf the camp, she was free to relive herself without anyone knowing. She quickly unbuttoned her brown shorts, but just when she was about to pull down her clothes, Amber hear a hillchurl grunt in alarm. Fumbling with her pants she quickly grabbed her bow and looked out from her cover. She felt a drop of urine hit the inside of her undergarments and cringed at its wetness.

As she watched Jean came barreling into the camp with her sword drawn. Amber, acting on instinct quickly popped up and pulled her bowstring back. Jean's sword quickly dealt with the two hillchurls on the far side of the camp. Amber let loose her arrow and another creature fell. Jean was quick to follow u with another clean kill. The bulk of the pack rushed toward Jean in an attempt to avenge their fallen companions. This maneuver left their backs completely open to an attack for Amber's arrows.

Five more creature fell in quick succesion. The majority of the fight followed this pattern. Hillchurls continued to drop due to either a sword to the cheat or an arrow in the back. As jean was swarmed by the remaining five creatures, amber pulled out her secret weapon. Endowing an arrow with the Pyro element, she let loose a fiery projectile that quickly finished off most of the remaining enemies. The last was dropped by Jean's blade.

Amber looked across at her partner and smiled. Working together they had easily defeated the entire camp. Amber's excitement turned to confusion when she saw a look of alarm on Jean's face.

"Watch out!"

A large claw came down on Amber's shoulder and she was knocked to the ground. A final advisory stood over her, club raised, poised to deliver a devastating blow. Amber's training and human instinct was the only thing that let her survive. She quickly snatched one of her arrows that had fallen to the ground when the hillchurl knocked her over. She thrust the sharp projectile upward piercing the beast's chest. With a howl it fell to the ground, lifeless.

Amber breathed a sigh of relief. Her relief quickly turned to horror. Although Amber was not harmed, her bladder was. The dam burst, and wet warmth began to flood the archer's pants. Her legs instantly heated up, and in the flickering light of the fire, Amber could see a dark stain forming on her shorts. The pee spread down to her backside completely covering her ear with hot liquid. The dry earth she was sitting on soaked up the moisture greedily as if it were water. Amber felt tears form in her eyes as she soaked her clothes.

"Amber are you all right!" came Jean's voice punching through Amber's daze. She quickly shot to her feet and turned in an attempt to hide her accident form the other woman. Her attempt was in vain. As soon as Jean drew close to Amber she could see the dark stain that had appeared on her shorts, and noticed the puddle below her feet.

"Oh!" Jean said in surprise her calm persona faltering. She quickly recovered and gave Amber a hug.

"It happens to everyone." She whispered into the Amber's brown hair. With a sigh Amber pulled away from the embrace.

"Lets not talk about it" she said.

"Okay" Jean replied. "As long as you're okay."

Neither girl felt much like celebrating their victory, and silently mounted their steeds to begin the journey home.

###

Upon their arrival in Mondstatd, the girls bid each other goodnight and headed their separate ways. Amber trudged to her home, and after closing the door behind her flopped on the bed. She quickly remembered the state of her clothes and decided to take a shower instead. Feeling much better after her cleanse Amber quickly fell asleep. She had had a long day.

Jean's night would not be so relaxing. She unpacked the horses at the headquarters and walked to her office. Sitting down in the cozy chair that sat behind her desk she began to go through the day's reports. Before long, she lit a candle to fend off the creeping darkness of nightfall. After what must have been an hour of reading, Jean looked up from her desk. The clock read that it was nearly midnight.

Getting up and stretching, the grand Master moved to blow out the candle. As she bent down to extinguish the light she was racked with a spasm of pain in her bladder. She bent nearly double as a wave of desperation hit her body. She had been holding her pee for a long time due to how fill her bladder was, yet she had not felt a thing. Staggering into the hallway, jean looked around in desperation for an available bathroom. Hobbling down the hallway, she continued her search, until she found herself in the library. Giving one more desperate glance around, Jean felt the floodgates start to open.

"Oh no!" she yelled at nobody in particular as she began to wet her pants. Her hands shot to the crotch of her leggings, but it was no use. A wave of urine pored into her pants, streaming down her legs. The hiss of the golden fluid was audible. Streaks of fabric on Jean's legs quickly darkened. A puddle began to form on the ground and jean knew there was no hope. She stood in resignation as her bladder finally slowed its release. She looked down to survey the damage, and knew how Amber had felt earlier in the night. With a sigh The Grand Master of the Knights of Favonious, walked home with a change of clothes, a bath, and a good night's sleep at the front of her mind.

*005*2021-04-17 22:22

{{9 hours ago, aeon6030 said:

Would love to see more Genshin Impact stories

}}

I've been writing a series of Genhin Impact short stories here:

$iframe data-embed-src="https://www.omorashi.org/topic/66797-a-world-full-of-adventure-genshin-impact-short-stories/?tab=comments&do=embed&comment=1877368&embedComment=1877368&embedDo=findComment#comment-1877368"

Feel free to check them out if you want!

