Even Superheroes Need to Poop

Author: JamesK

*000*2025-09-18 16:53

Universe 933: Black Widow

Black Widow Natasha Romanoff was deep in the Latverian wilderness, searching for lost billionaire Tony Stark. Latvaria had been at war with its neighbor Symkaria for three years, and Stark Industries had been selling arms to the US backed Symkarians the entire time. But the billionaire playboy himself was now missing, after a weapons demonstration turned into a deadly attack by the Latvarians.

Tony Stark’s disappearance was of deep concern to S.H.I.E.L.D., as many of their own most advanced weapons were of Stark’s design. If he broke under interrogation S.H.I.E.L.D. would have to undertake drastic security measures and possibly even need to completely overhaul their entire arsenal. Black Widow was following tire tracks from the scene of the attack, hoping that the attackers had taken Stark directly to wherever they were holding him. It was a desperate hope, but the only lead Natasha had. So she had been dropped off from a S.H.I.E.L.D. quinjet with a standard rucksack containing a week’s worth of supplies and got to work.

Natasha’s hope was rewarded after two days of tracking. She discovered a hidden Latverian outpost so heavily guarded that she doubted it could be anything less than the hiding place of a hostage Tony Stark. So Black Widow set up a surveillance nest to observe the base. Her orders were simple: rescue Stark if possible. But above all else she was to ensure that the enemy could get no intel from him; and experience had taught her that it was very difficult to obtain intel from a corpse.

For three hours Black Widow observed the compound through the scope of a sniper rifle, never once averting her eyes. The grounds around the compound were filled with boxes of Stark Industries weapons, but nothing that looked like his top line products to her. Her bladder filled precipitously, but the seasoned spy ignored it. She could not afford to look away and miss her shot. Natasha made mental notes of the guard’s movements, their postings, their equipment. If she had more time she would have liked to attempt a probing attack to observe their response, but there was none.

Another hour passed and Natasha was beginning to resign herself to the possibility of having to infiltrate the facility itself to find Stark, if he was even there. If she decided on that course of action she would retreat to a farther position and sleep until nightfall so she could be rested and infiltrate the compound under cover of darkness. The one plus side to that would be the chance to relieve herself, as her bladder was becoming distractingly full. Lying on her belly was certainly not helping her need to pee, but there was no better position for long distance sharpshooting. Her feet, splayed out behind her, couldn’t stay still.

Another thirty minutes passed with no sign of the billionaire. Black Widow’s bladder ached, and she couldn’t stop shaking her knees. If she could only hold herself, her discomfort would be more bearable, but she needed both hands on her rifle to keep the sight aligned. A wave of desperation came over her, and she had to squeeze her legs tightly together to keep from leaking in her black military style panties. Natasha decided that if she didn’t see anything in the next ten minutes, she would go forward with her infiltration plan.

At that moment, she saw movement. Black Widow focused through the sight of her rifle and saw the one and only Tony Stark being led out of the facility. His hands were behind his head, and a guard held a gun to the small of his back. He wore a tattered robe and didn’t seem to have a shirt on. Natasha’s crosshairs passed over Stark’s face, and she hesitated. She saw not fear in his eyes, or defeat or anguish. She saw anger and defiance in him; he had not been broken by whatever the Latverians had put him through.

Natasha’s bladder burned, but she still refused to move from her position. She saw the door that Stark had emerged from opened again, and another hostage was led out. Stark glared at the guard holding the other man at gunpoint, and strode to one of the crates. He was getting closer to Natasha’s nest- now might be the best shot she would have on him. She lined up her crosshairs on him and tried to steady her rifle, but she couldn’t. She was shaking too much from her overfilled bladder.

Black Widow resigned herself to her duty; she would likely only have one shot and she couldn’t risk missing. Natasha willingly relaxed her hold on her overtaxed bladder and began to pee in her catsuit. It wasn’t the first time she had gone to the bathroom in her costume during a mission, and it likely wouldn’t be the last. Black Widow heard her pee hissing against the material of her catsuit and felt it collecting in a hot puddle under her. Some of the hot liquid wicked upwards along her asscrack, but mostly it just flowed directly down into the puddle. She shivered slightly and refocused through her scope, still peeing freely in her black panties. Her eyes on Stark once again, she was now steady enough to get a clear shot. Natasha aimed for the billionaire’s heart, but saw something very unusual that made her own heart stop.

Tony Stark’s robe was slightly open at the chest, revealing a bright light. Natasha looked closely at the light and saw that it seemed to be a device surgically grafted to him, though for what purpose she couldn’t fathom. It looked like… like a miniaturized version of the classified arc reactors that Stark had designed for the S.H.I.E.L.D. Helicarrier.

Black Widow shifted, causing the still growing puddle she was lying in to ripple around her as she tried to get a closer look at the thing on Tony Stark’s chest. The reactor on the Helicarrier was the size of an average barn, and neither Stark nor any of S.H.I.E.L.D.’s best engineers had any ideas on how to make it smaller. Clearly intense life-threatening pressure had inspired a stroke of genius in Mr. Stark. This technology could not fall into the wrong hands; and killing Tony Stark in the middle of a Latverian black site would make it all too easy for them to reverse engineer it. Natasha’s pee stream tapered off, but she no longer had any intention of assassinating Stark. She would instead be rescuing him tonight.

Stark had only been outside in the compound grounds for four minutes before the guards forced him back inside, but in that time Black Widow had wet herself and completely changed the parameters of her mission. Through her scope she tracked the guards who shut Tony and the hostage back into the facility to a guard shack where the keys might be held. When Natasha had gleaned all she could from surveillance, she decided to move to a new location to get some rest.

The spy stood up from her prone position, carefully avoiding exposing any dry portions of her costume to the now cooled pool of urine she had been lying in. She looked down at the puddle of her own making and guessed it to be roughly two and a half feet in diameter. The front of her catsuit was completely soaked from her knees to just below her naval, and there was some wetness that had crept up the ass of her suit as well. No shame or embarrassment welled within the spy, no feelings at all apart from mild discomfort. She had seen men and women of all kinds piss their pants on her many missions, and she had long since accepted that it was simply part of the life she led.

Black Widow found a secluded cave in the wilderness a half mile away from her earlier nest and quickly determined that there were no hostiles, nor any human tracks that suggested the Latverians patrolled nearby. Upon entering the cave the spy stripped out of her wet catsuit and panties, then cleaned her legs with some wipes from her rucksack. Said rucksack also contained two spare catsuits and underwear, which she gratefully changed into.

As Natasha set about preparing the cave for bivouac (including motion alarms at the mouth) she felt a fullness in her abdomen indicating that she would need to poop soon. She hadn’t gone since before she set out from the Helicarrier, and it usually was the second or third day of her missions that her bowels would catch up with her. Black Widow evaluated the feeling and considered whether she should try to go now or later; she needed to sleep before she could rescue Stark, and she honestly doubted that she would even be able to poop right now if she tried. The feeling wasn’t quite urgent yet, and it was always more difficult to crap in the field.

Natasha decided she would wait to go until after she woke up, and went to sleep in the cave. Only to be awakened by the sound of gunfire. Black Widow bolted upright, pistol already aiming for the mouth of the cave. There was nothing there. Then more gunfire, and an alarm sounding from the Latverian compound. Black Widow’s bowels were definitely full now, but she had no time. She quickly donned her catsuit and gear and ran out of the cave two minutes after being woken up. Another four minutes and she was at her previous sniper nest to assess the situation. She farted as she sighted in on the rifle, the weight in her gut disturbed by the running.

Examining the facility, Natasha saw no signs of arial attacks, nor any encampments or soldiers of any kind. The perimeter sentries seemed to be focused inward rather than outward. Gunfire was still periodically sounding, but from within the facility. Black Widow farted again and cursed. Whatever was going on, her mission was clear; she had to extract Tony Stark, or at the very least the thing in his chest, before he was killed.

At the very least, whatever was happening in the compound made breaching the perimeter trivial. Black Widow easily scaled the wall and fired a grappling line to the watchtower. The guard never saw her coming before she choked him to unconsciousness. From there she swiftly rappelled into the guard shack she had deduced controlled the doors and held the keys. There were three men at terminals frantically speaking to each other and over radios.

Black Widow placed a plastic explosive on the door to the room and detonated it. She dove into the room with pistols drawn and quickly dispatched the first man. She then shot one guard in the knee and put the remaining one in a headlock, pistol against his chin.

“Where is Tony Stark?!” She demanded, even as a cramp wracked her bowels. Her poop started to turtlehead, but Natasha managed to clench hard enough to keep it from poking all the way out. The guards both frantically babbled in Latverian, one gesturing to the monitors behind her. Black Widow kept the guard at gunpoint and used her peripherals to glance at the monitor. What she saw almost made her lose her increasingly tenuous hold on her bowels on the spot. The largest monitor displayed a holding cell filled with machinery. Wrecked machinery, that looked like a rampaging bulldozer had gone through the place. The other monitors showed a path of destruction in the wake of some huge metal man.

Natasha watched in astonishment as the iron man shrugged off gunfire and pummeled every guard in his way. The guards in the room with her were pointing at the monitor saying “Stark! Tony Stork!”

Black Widow asked in Russian, since the men didn’t seem to speak English. “That’s Tony Stork?” The guard on the ground seemed to understand Russian and answered in kind.

“Yes! Stark was brought here to build a missile that could circumvent the missile defenses he had been selling to Symkaria. He refused at first, but we thought we had succeeded in coercing him.”

Another cramp, but Natasha forced herself to hold it in. It was very hard to maintain credibility in an interrogation if the interrogator had a load in her pants, which was a scenario that seemed to be fast approaching. Black Widow managed to recover, and her panties remained clean for the moment. “Looks like instead of building you a weapon, he built himself a suit of armor,” she said.

At that moment, the doors Black Widow had first seen Tony Stark emerge from hours ago were thrown open by the iron man. Natasha watched on the monitors as he destroyed the Stark Industries crates on the ground, then stood for a moment staring at the sky. Then a pillar of flames erupted downwards from the suit, propelling Tony Stark up like a rocket as the man flew away from the compound. Natasha and the two guards stared at the monitor in amazement. Then Black Widow heard footsteps behind her and dove out of the way just in time to avoid a hail of bullets.

She hit the ground hard, and a rude noise could be heard from the rear of her suit as she lost her battle with her bowels. Poop squeezed out of her like a greased baseball and tented out the ass of her suit. Natasha ignored the mass in her panties and sprang forward to her knees, returning fire on the guards that had snuck up on her. Black Widow’s aim was true, and the guards fell. The man she had held at gunpoint was drawing his own sidearm now, and Natasha shot him as well. The only man left was the injured one she had been interrogating.

Black Widow got to her feet, wincing as she felt the weight in her pants bouncing with her. The bulge in her pants was not the entire load, the rest within her was begging to be released. But Natasha did not give in, hoping that her mess was still small enough to escape notice of the man of the ground. She walked over to him and placed her boot on his injured knee. Tony Stark may have escaped, but she wanted to ensure that the Latverians had gotten nothing useful from him.

Black Widow asked “What did he build for you?”

“Nothing! Stark has been locked in his cell nearly this entire time. He kept insisting he needed more time to deliver on the requested weapons.”

Natasha smirked. “Well, I guess we know what he was really doing with that time.” The scent of her accident was beginning to reach her nose, and she was certain that the guard could smell it too. She hoped he thought it was coming from one of the bodies.

“Who else are you holding here?” she demanded. “I saw more hostages!” Natasha didn’t say that she had only seen one, so that if there were more the guard would spill it.

“Only Yinsen! Ho Yinsen!” the guard shouted, very keen to keep Black Widow from further injuring his leg.

“Where is he?!” she shouted. The guard pointed at the monitor. Natasha, not wanting to turn her back on the man for a variety of reasons, picked him up by the collar and dragged him to a chair in front of the console. The exertion of moving the man made it impossible for Black Widow to hold onto her bowels, and she heard a soft crackling as she finished filling her panties. The smell was very strong now, and the man brought one of his hands to hold his nose. If he had realized that the smell was coming from Black Widow he didn’t seem to dare saying so.

Natasha was very tempted to reach behind herself to feel the bulge in her catsuit, but she resisted. Her captive pointed a shaking finger at one of the screens, and Black Widow saw the body of the hostage that Tony had been escorted to the grounds with.

Natasha took a steadying breath. She had no shortage of blood on her hands, but every life she took was to spare the lives of innocents like the dead man she viewed through the screen now.

Black Widow gripped the back of the chair and spun it to face the man. She put her hands on his knees, making sure to avoid the bullet wound. Her bent posture resulted in her ass sticking out, the poop bulge on display if anyone alive had still been in the room.

“Think very carefully before you speak. Are there any other prisoners left?”

The man shook his head. Black Widow leaned into his ear, whispered “Thank you,” and shot him. The site would need to be wiped clean; no one could know about what Tony Stark had built here, or that S.H.I.E.L.D. had been so concerned about his capture. Natash downloaded the CCTV footage to a drive from her belt, then set a beacon that would call a cruise missile to level the compound on her signal.

Black Widow erased all surveillance data after she finished, then set out for the base motor pool. Stepping away from the console, she felt the poop in her pants swaying with every step. Deciding it would only take a moment, the spy did a quick scan of the room then stepped to a corner and shimmied her pants and panties down in one smooth motion. She dumped the mess out of the panties onto floor, not particularly caring because the facility would be destroyed within the hour.

Not bothering to clean herself further until she would be in the clear, Black Widow sprinted through the compound to the motor pool, stole a vehicle, and escaped. Once she was clear of the facility, she radioed the Helicarrier.

“Black Widow to Helicarrier, do you read me?”

“Black Widow, Helicarrier reads you. Do you have Tony Stark secured?”

Natasha laughed, her hand touching the drive with the spectacular footage of Stark’s escape. “Tony Stark escaped on his own. Tell friendly forces to search for unusual air signatures heading southeast from coordinates 44.31933° N, 23.80616° E. And tell Director Fury to prepare for my debrief. He’ll want to see this in person.”

