Sophs Bladder Torture!

Author: JMatthews1995

*000*2019-04-11 19:35

It was Friday evening and Jess and Soph were snuggled up on the sofa. Jess was randomly scrolling through Omo.org when she found perfect naughty game that she wanted to get Soph to play the next day. It was a dice game, which involved both holding, and most likely, wetting!

"Soph?" Said Jess softly as she snuggled her self up to her.

"What do you want?" Replied Soph. The tone of her voice highlighted the fact she knew Jess was after something naughty.

"Can you do a pee challenge for me tomorrw?? Pweeeeeasssee?"

"What type of challenge??" Soph replied.

"Well it's a sort of random challenge generator. Anything could happen. Well, anything pee related anyway"

Soph was intrigued. It did sound rather fun. She also knew that any naughty fun she treated Jess to also meant getting fetish fun returned in favour.

"Yeah go on then. But you know I love having my little feet pampered by you?" She giggled.

"Of course!" Replied Jess. "Whenever you like I'll worship them for you!"

"Go on then" Said Soph as she kicked her fluffy slippers off and placed her beautiful feet onto Jess' lap to be massaged. Jess, knowing how naughty tomorrow could be, did as she was asked and pampered Soph's delicate little feet.

The next day came round fast. Jess was very excited to give Soph her naughty challege. She asked Soph to go and pee, as she didn't like strong morning pee, and then opened up her omo web page with the challenge on it.

"Grab the dice out of a board game while your up!" Jess yelled from the bedroom. Soph did as she was asked and returned with a dice. "Roll it 6 times sweetie"

Soph began rolling. At first a 5 popped out. Jess giggled a bit and Soph's face looked worried.

"What is it?!" She murmered.

"Oh nothing, keep rolling" Soph did as she was asked. Each roll made Jess more pleased. Obviously Soph was going to be in for a big challenge judging by Jess' excitement!

"So you have 5, 2, 6, 3, 5, and 2. That means you have to follow these rules Soph. Number 1 - You must drink 6 glasses! Number 2 - They have to be glasses of Soda! Good job we have those diet cokes isn't it!, 3 - You have to hold it for 7 hours" Jess giggled! There was no way Soph would manage 7 hours. "4 - You can only wear underwear, 5 - If you do make it 7 hours you must pee your self anyway, 6 - You can't use your hands to help you hold it, and 7 - If you wet your self before 7 hours you must stay in those panties until the 7 hours is up."

"Wait, I only rolled it 6 times! Where is the 7th rule from?!" Quizzed Soph. Totally ignoring the fact she would almost certainly be wetting her self today.

"Oh, I made that last one up. I want to give you a proper incentive to stay clamped shut the whole time!" Giggled Jess. Soph looked worried, but at the end of the day she wanted to please her naughty girlfriend, so she agreed.

That morning they both showered together. Jess loved showering with Soph. She got to carress her all over and scrub her soft sexy body. She paid particular care gently massaging Sophs pussy with her soapy hand.

"She deserves to be lovely and clean going into this challenge Soph" Whispered Jess, as she slid her soft fingers over Sophs tingling clit. "Have I got everywhere?"

"Mhmm" Muttered Soph, breathing heavy as her soft lips got gently tickled.

Once showered and dried, Jess got her self dressed. Soph took a little longer doing her hair and wrapped in a towel, she walked into the bedroom. Jess helped to dry her off, taking extra care around her delicate girly areas and finding time to sneak a quick kiss on her soft little feet. She knew this would tease Soph in a good way.

Jess handed Soph her favorite panties and watched as she slid them on. She allowed Soph to wear a pair of leggings as well. Not only because she wanted her to be comfortable, but also because she loved seeing Soph pee her self in them! Specially her super tight black gym leggings.

"Your 7 hours starts now Soph" Exclaimed Jess looking at her phone. "4:30 this afternoon you can next take those panties off" She smiled as she said this. She knew they'd be soaking wet when she finally helped Soph pull them down!

Throughout the first hour, Soph managed to drink 3 full glassed of diet coke. Each glass she sipped Jess would remind her that they would be in her bladder in no time. Skipping to the end of the 2nd hour Soph had finished her 5th glass of soda. Just one more left to go. Within the next half an hour Soph had managed to drink the 6th glass. Jess was very impressed. 1.5l of Soda in 2 and a half hours was good going in her opinion.

"You've drank them so fast Soph!" Smiled Jess "Your poor bladder is in for such a shock!"

"It'll be fine! I'm going to make it hold! I will hold 7 hours, just watch me!" Soph said sternly. Almost like she was trying to persuade her self more than Jess.

Over the next hour Jess watched with amusement as her gorgeous girlfriend became more and more fidgety. She knew her bladder was filling up fast, but she decided to entirely ignore it, prefering to wait for Soph to admit her desperation instead.

It was at around the 4 and a half hour mark when Soph finally piped up about her need for relief.

"Baby. I have to pee.." Whimpered Soph. Looking up at Jess with puppy dog eyes.

"Oh, this soon?" Replied Jess. "You still have 2 and a half hours left to go."

"mhmmhhmhh" murmured Soph as she shuffled into another position. This time with her heel tucked under her bum and her weight pressed onto it.

Jess watched with excitement over the next 20 minutes or so. Soph could find no comfortable position to sit in and Jess knew it wouldn't be long before she was struggling to contain her pee.

"Do you want some help Soph?"

"What do you mean? How can you help?"

"Well, the rules said you couldn't hold your self. They didn't say anything about someone else helping you hold?"

"Really?! You'd help me hold?"

Jess nodded and patted her lap.

"Come sit on my lap sweetie." Soph slowly stood up and shuffled over onto Jess' lap and sat her self down. Jess gently wrapped her arms around Soph and slowly slid her hand down between Sophs firmly clamped legs. She then gave her a gently squeeze and clamped her hand over Sophs hot pussy.

"I'm sorry if I leak baby!" Whispered Soph. Knowing full well that her private area was going to end up soaked very soon. She wiggled her bum around on Jess' lap and got her self as comfortable as possible. Jess was getting really turned on her self by this point. Any time now she could end up soaking wet! This time by her girlfriends hot pee, rather than her own!

Another 15 minutes or so passed. The whole time Soph was wriggling and squirming and Jess was constantly re-clamping her hands over Sophs hot pussy. Suddenly Soph panicked.

"Jess!! Jess! I can't hold it in any more!" She blurted as she felt her pee starting to fight its way out from her quivering pee hole. "I really can't stop it hun!"

Jess grabbed her pussy tighter. The warmth of Sophs leak on her fingertips turned her on like crazy as she faught to try and help Soph contain her leak.

"I can't stop it hun! It's just trickling out!" Soph was panicking. Pee was coming out uncontrolably and she felt as though she had no way to regain control. No matter how many times Jess attempted to reclamp Sophs pussy it just kept leaking out of her. And that's when she felt it.

"Oh wow!" Exlaimed Jess. The first trickle of Sophs hot pee had found it's way into the front of her panties and was softly trickling between her own delicate pussy lips! "I'm wet with your pee Soph!" She giggled! "It can feel it trickling between my pussy lips!"

Jess was super excited. She was begining to breath heavy her self by now and was getting seriously turned on. Her delicate little clit was throbbing hard between her pee soaked pussy lips and she wanted to touch it bad! She sat in pure pleasure as Sophs pee pooled around her cute litte butt on the leather soft and the waterfall of pee splashed over the edge all over hers and Sophs cute little feet in their fluffy slippers.

"I'm sorry Jess! I had drank so much! I couldn't hold it!"

"Don't worry cutie! That was HEAVENLY!" Replied Jess. Her breathing still heavy from her excitement. "My sexy little toes are Soaked as well Soph!"

"Mine too! My little slippers are totally drenched!"

Jess pulled Sops leggings away from the front of her waist and slid one hand down inside her panties. She felt Sophs smooth wet lips against her finger tips and gently started massaging. Sophs head fell backwards as Jess massaged her pissy clit between her fingers. Gently at first, but getting faster and slower depending on Sophs responsive moans. Within minutes Soph was a quivering mess. Her pissy clit was thobbing with pleasure and her nipples were firm and erect. As Soph was about to reach the edge of orgasm Jess removed her hand from her panties.

"Nooo!! Keep going Jess!" Shouted Soph. "You can't leave me there!!"

Jess slid Soph off her lap and settled down kneeling on the floor. She slowly slid Sophs fluffy slippers off her soaking wet feet and instantly began worshipping her pee soaked little toes. Soph instantly began to start climaxing. She slid her own hand down the front of her pissy panties and began massaging her self. Only a few seconds passed and a huge orgasmic wave flooded over her instantly releasing a huge spurt of pleasure into her panties! Jess continued to carress and pamper Sophs delicate pee soaked feet until she had covered every little bit, then stood up, and pulled her panties and leggings down in front of Soph.

"Look at that Soph! Look how pissy she is!" Jess exlaimed, pointing at her glistening pussy lips.

"Sorry hun! I just couldn't hold it!" Soph looked disapointed.

"Don't be sorry! I'm keeping these panties on the rest of the day! You're going to lick me clean tonight! You can shower and change if you want to." Sophs looked releaved to be allowed out of her pissy, squirt soaked panties and leggings.

She watched as Jess slid her pissy panties back up over her pussy, knowing full well that she'd have it knelt abover her face in bed, with a demanding Jess telling her to lick her smelly lips clean! She couldn't wait!!

$iframe data-embed-src="https://www.omorashi.org/forums/topic/22201-omorashi-dice-game/?do=embed"

