The Desperate Train Journey

Author: JMatthews1995

*000*2019-03-16 21:18

It was 16:55 on a Tuesday afternoon. Jade was finishing off her last little bit of work before leaving for her journey home. She had been working away for the day and was a 2 hour train journey away from home.

The train she had booked her ticket for was leaving at 17:10 sharp and she knew she had to hurry straight to the station to get there before it left. There was only one small problem! Jade had neglected to pee within the last 5 hours! She knew she couldn't go just before 5 as she could be called on the phone at any point! She also knew full well that she wouldn't have time to pee between 17:00 and when her train arrived! She just couldn't risk missing this train!

The clock hit 17:00. Jade jumped up out of her desk chair and hurried for the exit of the office. She was a very smart looking lady. She was wearing a lovely pair of black tights, a perfect leather pencil skirt and a pair of cute ballet flats. She was never one for high heels! They just hurt far more than necessary!

Jade hurried through the lobby of the office building, her bag swinging by her side. The was only short, she was moving as fast as her legs could carry her.

The train station was packed full of people. It was 17:07 and she knew she could perhaps get away with going for a quick pee before getting on the train. She hurried to where the toilets were only to find them totally full of people. Her bladded throbbed a little as if to highlight the need to her more. She shuffled on the spot a little and then turned away from the toilets and headed back to the platform. The gently throb of her bladder was begining to highlight how much of a mistake that would be!

The train arrived bang on time. It clattered into the station, looking much worse for wear than the trains that Jade was used to travelling on. As it slowly rolled past she eyed up the carriages looking for places to sit. There was nowhere! It was totally rammed with people just like her, hurrying to get home. With a loud screech the train stopped. The doors lazily opened as if they were right on the edge of failing. Jade slid her self into the busy carriage and found somewhere to stand.

"Made it!" she thought.

Jade had done this route before. She knew that after the next 2/3 stations many of the people would get off, freeing up space and allowing her to sit. She found her self a nice spot and settled in. A couple of stations passed and as usual the train slowly emptied. She was 1 hour 40 minutes away from home. She knew her bladder would most likely not wait that long! After the majority of people had left the train she found her self a quiet area and settled into a seat. As she sat she felt her bladder throb softly in her lower tummy. She decided she best go and find a toilet. She may as well get her self as comfortable as possible if she was going to spend the next hour and 30 stuck on this hot train.

Walking up through the carriages Jade was getting worried. She had been through 3 so far and not a single one had a toilet! Surely they couldn't run a train with no toilets, she thought. Heading through the 5th carriage she saw a toilet sign. She felt her self naturally hurry up as she reached the door.

"Out of Order" she muttered as she read the sign on the door. "Surely not!" Jade felt her bladder twinge in her tummy. How could this be?! How could she be on a train that has no toilets at all! Well, working ones anyway!

She hurried back to her seat and settled into it. Her bladder was starting to give her very clear warnings now. She hadn't peed for 5 hours and 45 minutes! Way to long considering she had drank a bottle of water and two large coffees in that time. She was glad that her bladder was as big as it was otherwise she would have already been sat in a wet pair of tights! Another 15 minutes passed. She knew that the train was going to stop in one of the stations for longer than most others. It usually stayed for around 5 minutes. Maybe she could jump off, pee, and hurry back onto the train without it leaving. It was the next station that the train usually stayed in, but Jade had noticed that the train was running late. There was no way it would be stopping for the full 5 minutes. She couldn't risk her self getting stranged.

As the train pulled into the station Jade was looking out the window. She saw the sign for the toilets and her bladder throbbed. She instantly crossed her legs and put one hand gently on her lower tummy as if to reassure her poor bladder that it would all be OK.

With an hour to go, Jade was struggling. The train was very quiet apart from 5/6 people in her carriage with her. She was starting to panic a bit and was getting worried that she'd not make it home. The train shook as it went over a rough patch of track and her bladder strongly reminder her that it would appreciate relief. She clenched her pee muscles tight and bit her lip softly. She reached into her bag and took out a book and began reading. Maybe a good story would take her mind off her poor aching bladder. It didn't work. It had been nearly 7 hours since she had last peed and her bladder was making her seriously aware of this.

Every shudder of the carriages made her muscles twinge. She could feel her self getting hot with panic and she really needed relief. Another station and yet another toilet sign! Again her bladder was denied the relief that it was begging for. She felt as though she was torturing her self. Her poor bladder and her quivering little pee hole were both struggling with the desperation and there was nothing she could do!

With a whole 45 minutes of the journey remaining Jade was begining to properly stress. By now her bladder was consistantly achining and her muscles felt as though they were really struggling. It was only her sheer determination not to soak her panties that was keeping her pee hole clenched tightly shut. Her phone rang, and she answered. It was her best friend wanting to talk about weekend plans. Jade could hardly focus on the conversation, consistantly having to ask her friend to repeat her self. It wasn't her fault! She was using every ounce of focus to keep her little lacy panties dry!

After the 5 minute phone call she went straight back to stressing. By now she wasn't even worried as to how she looked. She could feel her self sweating and wasn't even atempting to hide the fact she was squirming. She slid one of her ballet flats off and tucked her foot under her bum, pressing her heel firmly into her private area. It offered little relief! She wriggled back into her normal sitting position, looked around and once she had confirmed no one was around, she slowly unzipped the size of her leather skirt. She felt the tight waist band sligtly loosen, just enough to take a tiny bit of pressure off her huge bladder bulge!

She carressed her poor bladder, gently stroking it through her blouse.

"Just 35 minutes! That's all! Just half an hour! And then I can relieve you!" She thought to her self as she wriggled in her seat. Suddenly a wave of desperation came over her. Instinct took over and she thrust her hand down the front of her unzipped skirt and grabbed her self. Instantly she realised what she had done and withdrew her hand. Her bladder spasmed hard and she felt as though she was about to piss right this second. She quickly looked around again and grabbed her pussy tightly.

"This is ridiculous! You're a big girl! You can hold your pee!" She thought to her self as she gripped even tighter between her legs. Another huge wave overcame her. This time she genuinely panicked fully. She slid her hand tighter between her legs and slammed her legs firmly together, trapping her hand between them. Her poor pee hole stood strong and remained clamped shut, but she knew it wouldn't be long now!

With 25 minute remaining, Jade's bladder had really started to give up. By now she was practically keeping her pee in by squeezing tight on her pee hole. She knew full well she wasn't making it home. She had to do something! And quick!

Just before the next station she began the challenge of preparing to get off. She knew that from this station it would be at least a 30 minute walk to her house, but at least if she was off the train she may have more options and places to pee. She began to slowly zip up her skirt. This was easier said than done when her hand was down the front of it. She slid her hand out. Instantly she felt as though she was going to pee her self, but she focused all of her energy onto her pee hole and made it stay shut! She slid the zip up and gently, slowly stood up out of her seat. Her pussy quivered with desperation. She had never EVER felt such a painful desperation sensation between her legs before. She had no idea how she was holding it in and was just damn pleased that she was!

The train slowly stopped in the station. Jade hurried to the doors as fast as she could shuffle. She had to walk with her legs pressed tight together and it was making it very difficult. Every single step moved her pussy muscles slightly enough to make her worry that they would give in any second. The doors opened and instantly she dived off the train. The cold air hit her like a brick wall. Instantly she felt her pussy give way and a huge spurt of pee escape into her panties!

"Nooooo!" She wimpered softly as the warmth spread between her soft pussy lips. "Pleeease noo!" Her pussy must have heard her begs and some how regained it's composure. She felt the leak subside and her pee hole muscles cramp with pain. Slowly but surely she shuffled off the platform and to the stair way. Every single step was torture, each lift of her legs put a tiny little bit extra pressure on her bladder. It may have only been 1% extra but when you're already at 110% that 1% really can push you over the edge! She reached the top of the stairs, looked around, and once she had confirmed the lack of people around, instantly unzipped her skirt slightly and grabbed her self firmly between her legs. Her fingers were instantly wet with pee, but she didn't care one bit! Just so long as no more came leaking out, she was happy!

She gently caressed her pussy, proud of it's determination so far. She heard footsteps and quickly slid her hand out from between her legs and zipped up her skirt again. Once again the extra pressure from her skirt waist made her wimper.

She began slowly shuffling towards the exit of the station. As soon as she reached the door way she began hurrying. Faster and faster just to get away from anyone that was around. She quickly hurried down a back alley way and instantly she felt her pussy give way again. Her pee hole burst open, spraying a hot jet of pee straigt into her cute panties. There was no stopping it this time, it just flooded out endlessly. The warmth spread fast around her private area and quickly flooded down her legs guided by her tights. Her ballet flats filled with pee in seconds and overflowed all over the pavement. Her pee felt like it was never going to end, it finally stopped after around 60 whole seconds!

She looked around to confirm that no one was about. She was safe! She hadn't been seen. She wanted to be angry that she had peed her self, but she could only feel proud of her bladder and pussy and their extreme determination to not to allow her to wet her self in front of other people!

It was still near enough full daylight though, and Jade still had a 30 minute walk home! She decided to take her tights off and throw them away. This would leave just her leather skirt, and cute ballet flats, neither of which really showed wetness much at all. She unzipped her skirt, and slid her tights down underneath. She the slipped one foot out of her ballet flat and pulled the tights off that leg. Her toes were glistening with pee, and placing them back into her ballet flats felt strange as her toes submerged into the hot pee.

The entire 30 minute walk home her delicate feet splashed around in her pissy ballet flats and her pee soaked panties clinged tightly to her worn out delicate little pussy. She was proud of what she had managed to do considering how desperate the circumstances were!

The end!

*006*2019-03-17 15:09

{{9 hours ago, Wombat48 said:

Great story

}}

{{5 hours ago, wedgeantilles said:

Yes I agree, a very good story indeed!

}}

{{2 hours ago, peedespes02 said:

Hot stories lucky to see and hear go.

}}

{{54 minutes ago, daisyduke said:

Great Story, hope to see more :3

}}

Thanks all :) I will have to do another one at some point.

*010*2019-03-18 16:47

{{9 hours ago, huberp76 said:

Great story, thank you! I am waiting for the next.

}}

{{8 hours ago, Gemmy said:

Very good story. Love the descriptions of her desperation. Very sexy.

}}

{{5 hours ago, Red Simpson said:

Best story I've read so far, loved every moment of it.

}}

{{On 3/17/2019 at 1:18 PM, knarf11 said:

Great story

}}

Thanks everyone It was a spur of the moment type thing. I will have to get motivated and write another some time!

