Lockdown Desperation!

Author: joshua030211

*000*2024-04-20 04:28

Maya awoke quite late, and rushed out of bed to quickly begin getting ready for school. It was what seemed like a normal Tuesday, getting dressed, doing her makeup, and going down to eat breakfast. Because of how late Maya was, she didn't have time to brush her teeth, or even use the toilet.

Nevertheless, Maya headed to school on foot as usual, except at a bit of a jog this time because time was running short. She finally arrives at her highschool, and walks in panting. Maya takes several large gulps of her water, the bottle being halfway emptied by the time she was satisfied. Maya feels a small pressure in her bladder, and decides to head to the restroom.

To her, and many others' inconveniences, the restroom was closed for cleaning. Maya sighs softly, but decides to hold out, because surely the cleaning wouldn't take long. She squeezes the muscles in her sphincter and heads to her first period class.

During class, Maya takes small sips from her water bottle, temporarily forgetting about her urge after sitting down on her chair. When the bell rang for dismissal, she had downed the entire water bottle. Maya stands up, and feels her bladder getting filled with the hot, golden liquid, uncomfortably sloshing around in her bladder. She squeezes her thighs and bladder muscles to alleviate the discomfort.

Maya is still thirsty, so she thinks, "Heck, I'll refill it. Just a little more water couldn't hurt."

After refilling her water bottle, Maya pushes through the crowd to get to her second period class. This class was the same, with Maya drinking small sips of her water throughout the lesson. It is a habit to her. By the time the teacher is finished, and they assign homework, she has again downed the entire bottle.

That water refill comes back to bite Maya when third period begins. She walks into the classroom, and feels a sudden wave of urgency fly over her. She stops for a moment, squeezing her thighs together. She knows she can't ask to use the bathroom, because she is incredibly shy, and the lesson has already begun. Maya sits down and subtly crosses one leg over the other. This helps to alleviate the pain.

By the time third period ends, Maya's bladder is 80% full, and it is feeling increasingly uncomfortable. She squeezes her bladder muscles harder than before, and squeezes her thighs against each other. Maya checks to see if the restrooms are open, but they are still closed.

Maya sighs, another sudden wave of urgency going through her. Her bladder fills up to 90%, and she doesn't know how much longer she can hold it. She holds herself subtly, having to use most of her strength to keep from peeing.

Maya gets to fourth period, and from what she sees, no one else seems to be experiencing the same issues as she.

"Damn it! I should've set an alarm!" Maya curses herself as she sits down on her chair.

Suddenly, an alarm sounds in the classroom, and a light flashes. "A lockdown has been set in place. This is not a drill. Lock all doors, turn off all lights and stay hidden. I repeat, this is not a drill." The loudspeaker says. Everyone goes into a panic. People immediately start huddling up in the corner of the room. Maya gets genuinely scared, and forgets about her needs, huddling up with everyone else.

It is only when the siren stops, and it is dark inside the classroom, that Maya remembers how badly she needs to use the restroom. The darkness helps a lot in her case, so she subtly crosses her legs and holds her crotch tightly. This helps, but it still feels incredibly uncomfortable.

The lockdown continues for another hour or two, and Maya's bladder is almost filled to the max. She grits her teeth and breathes shakily as she tries to think of something else, to no avail. Every thought that comes to her mind comes back to her bursting bladder.

Suddenly, the loudspeaker announces again, instead saying, "The lockdown is now over. Please continue with your activities. I repeat, the lockdown is over. The perimeter is safe from the breach."

Maya breathes a sigh of relief. Not that the school is safe now and the threat was caught, but that she can finally leave. It is now 2:55, only a few minutes until Maya would usually come home. A lot of people wondered why the lockdown was so short, and why no apparent threat was heard, or if it was a false alarm. Maya didn't care. She wanted to leave the classroom to see if the bathroom was open.

The bell rung to dismiss everyone, and she rushed with thighs closed tight together to the bathroom. Yes! It was open! She rushed inside and... All the stalls were occupied. Maya feels a sense of hopelessness, knowing she will not hold out forever. She openly holds her crotch now, not caring anymore who saw, as it was one of the only things stopping the waterfall.

Maya shuffles downstairs to the school's exit, and feels another huge wave of urgency. She curses as a squirt of urine escapes her bladder, creating a small wet patch on her jeans. She holds her crotch with both hands and squeezes her thighs with all her strength as she exits the school. She stops suddenly as a second wave hits her, leaking another few drops into her jeans.

Maya walks slowly, now crossing her legs as she suddenly realizes. She definitely won't make it home without pissing herself. There has to be a place she can go to. She looks around, doing a potty dance and holding her crotch. Maya spots a small patch of bushes at her local park. She hurries over to it.

Maya hides behind it, and, checking to see if anyone is looking, squats down, and begins to unzip her jeans. Another squirt escapes, and wets her jeans. At this point, she doesn't care. She just needs relief. The stream begins before she even takes off her panties. She instead puts her panties to the side.

"Ahhh..." Maya can't help but moan as sweet, golden pee streams out of her vagina.

"SSSSS" The pee hisses out of her at a 50 degree angle, not even touching the grass and instead hitting the bushes. She moans in ecstasy, lifting her head back and closing her eyes. She rests her weight on her hands, which she puts behind her as the stream continues at such a strong speed and force. Maya's bladder continues to empty itself on the bush as she squat there, letting out a sigh.

The hot, steamy pee escaping her feels like heaven. It is comparable to even an orgasm. The stream goes from a "HISSSSS" to a "Sssss" to finally "Drip, drip, drop..".

Maya sighs in relief. Having nothing to wipe with, she shakes her vagina to get everything out. Luckily no one saw or noticed. At least she thinks so. No way will she tell anyone about this. She begins to wonder about the lockdown while putting on her wet jeans. What was the lockdown for?

"Probably to protect against the waterfall." Maya says to herself, laughing, and walking home.

###

Hi! This was my first Omorashi story! For those of you that read to the end, thank you so much! I am an aspiring author, and combined with my fetish, I created this short story for all your Omorashi pleasures! This story was mostly a combination of what I liked. Female desperation and crotch holding. Sorry if the story was a bit disorganized, I am not that experienced with storytelling!😅Again, thanks for reading!

*002*2024-04-21 16:01

ZORO??

*004*2024-04-21 18:35

{{1 hour ago, Roronoa Zoro said:

I'm saying Whenever you make another story or write out another story.I want to read it because I really enjoyed this first story

Also, why did you put question marks after Zoro

}}

Sorry, I'm just surprised to see Roronoa Zoro here. 😅 Thanks, by the way, I really appreciate it! 😁🙏

