Bishop’s First Stakeout: An NCIS fanfic.

Author: JamesK

*000*2024-08-25 07:55

This story takes place in season 11, episode 10 of NCIS. My parents both loved this show while I was growing up, so I always saw bits and pieces of it. But, now that I’m watching it all the way through for the first time, I’m trying not to remember anything about later episodes. So please, don’t mention anything that happens after season 11, I’m not there yet.

As usual, I will simply list the cast instead of writing physical descriptions as I am bad at writing them.

Leroy Jethro Gibbs: Mark Harmon

Timothy McGee: Sean Murray

Ellie Bishop: Emily Wickersham

Tony Dinozzo: Michael Weatherly

Eddie Macklin: Bryce Johnson

NSA analyst Eleanor Bishop was excited to work with the Naval Criminal Investigative Service (NCIS) and she was also nervous. She still reported to the NSA, but she was working directly under NCIS Special Agent Leroy Jethro Gibbs as part of a joint duty assignment. Gibbs was a very intimidating man, retired marine sniper with a steely gaze and stony demeanor. But he had handpicked her, impressed by the memory skills and quick thinking Ellie had displayed while they investigated Ward Beringer, a man who risked leaking classified intel to settle a personal vendetta.

Ellie’s first foray into field work meant a lot of paperwork, a lot of studying, a lot of observation, and a lot of learning by doing. She learned quickly that Gibbs expected nothing less than the best from his team, wanting them to anticipate his questions and find answers themselves. And answers in this first assignment of hers would not come easy. The team was called to a crime scene, the murder of a marine corporal. Bishop spoke to the only witness in the area, a man who claimed he saw a street clown leaving the area at the time of the murder.

The investigation from there led to a man named Eddie Macklin, whose phone had been found on the victim’s body. The team had discovered Macklin’s car in long term parking at the airport, though no flight plans listed a passenger by that name. An examination of the car found clown memorabilia and traces of blood that someone had attempted to clean up. This made Macklin their primary suspect, and Ellie had the idea to return the car without any sign that law enforcement had ever found it. That way, Macklin would come to them and they could follow him to more physical evidence.

And so it was that Ellie Bishop went on her first field stakeout, observing Eddie Macklin’s car from an appropriate distance. She was in the passenger seat, wearing a pink flannel shirt over a white blouse, with very pale blue jeans. Underneath the jeans she wore wine red full cut panties. Her partner in this stakeout was Anthony Dinozzo, a smartass senior field agent in his mid forties who liked to make inappropriate movie references. Dinozzo sat in the driver seat, wearing a grey coat and white collared shirt. They arrived at 9:18 PM to relieve Gibbs for the night, at which point Bishop asked Tony what it was like to work for Gibbs. This line of questioning kept the two talking for an hour and a half, in which time Tony had just begun to explain the patented Gibbs List of Rules.

“How are you supposed to follow these rules if they’re not written down anywhere? Or even always consistent?” Bishop asked perplexedly.

“You’ll learn in time. They aren’t necessarily listed in order of importance. Most are simple and easy to follow. Like Rule nine: never go anywhere without a knife. We already told you about rule 45 when Gibbs asked you to stay on while we caught Ward Beringer and Rudolph Stalin.”

“Rule 45, always clean up your mess,” Bishop recalled.

“Correct. There’s also rule 23: Never mess with a Marine’s coffee if you want to live. McGee kept running afoul of that one when he started,” Tony said.

Timothy McGee was the other member of Gibbs’s team, an agent in his mid to late thirties with a computer science degree from MIT. They sat in silence for a few moments. Then Bishop asked “How long do these stakeouts usually take?”

She was prepared for the stakeout to last for some time, and had consumed two energy drinks in preparation for a long night. But the obvious consequence of those drinks had slipped her mind until now: she now had to pee. Ellie was no stranger to late shifts, but she was usually doing technical work in the NSA office. A bathroom was always readily available in the office. Here in Tony’s car, she had no such luxury. She was only around a 5/10 on the desperation scale, but she wanted to know how long she might need to hold it.

“Didn’t get that far in your field manual yet, Will Hunting?” Tony teased.

“Will Hunting was a math genius, I just have a good memory for almost anything I read. And I haven’t read anything about how long a stakeout can take,” Ellie said.

“That’s because it’s conditional. It could be hours, days, or minutes before Macklin shows up. If he even does show; we’re working off of a theory.”

“It’s a good theory.”

“Of course you’d say that, it’s your theory,” Tony said.

Bishop shifted in her seat, discomforted by both her filling bladder and the notion that she was wrong about Macklin returning for his car.

“Do you think I’m wrong? Like I said before, it doesn’t make any sense for him to leave his car at the airport if he isn’t coming back for it, he could have ditched it anywhere else,” she said defensively.

“Bishop, our current thinking on this guy is that he shot a marine corporal three times in the chest while dressed as a clown. Sense might not come into play here at all. And rule number eight is ‘never take anything for granted.’ Like the idea that the suspect you’re chasing is going to act in the way you expect,” Tony explained.

Ellie frowned. Her specialty with the NSA had been to observe a specific operational area and predict who in the region could potentially become a threat. Ellie’s introduction to the team had been because of a theory she had years ago about a security breach she predicted almost to the letter. Responding in a scenario where things happen that she couldn’t predict would probably be something she needed to work on. She sighed.

“Okay, take nothing for granted. Any other important rules?”

“A big one is rule thirteen: never involve lawyers,” Tony said.

“Seems hypocritical for someone who’s had three divorces,” Ellie mused.

“There’s a running theory that the divorces are actually the origin of that rule.”

Tony and Ellie both laughed at that, then fell silent as they watched Macklin’s car. Ellie’s need continued to grow, now up to a 6/10, and she began to fidget intermittently. She checked her watch to see 11:08.

Tony didn’t even look at her, but he managed to pick up on her impatience. “Got somewhere to be, Bishop?”

Ellie knew she should probably ask about the bathroom situation, but something stopped her. Even though her joint duty assignment was temporary, she wanted to make a good impression on the field agents. Ellie was starting to get restless at the thought of going back to being an NSA desk jockey now that she had had a taste of field duty. Bishop was starting to consider a change, possibly working for NCIS full time. And she didn’t want the team thinking she couldn’t handle a simple stakeout without asking for a potty break.

So instead, she said “I was hoping to get back home to my husband at some point tonight, but I guess that’s not in the cards.”

Tony looked at her. He could tell that she was holding back on something, but he didn’t know what.

“As long as you’re doing field work you should be prepared for long nights. Thieves and killers don’t take days off. Sometimes you just have to do the job.”

Ellie didn’t respond.

“We stagger our stakeout timing. If we trade spots at any specific time, the suspect might notice. Cars moving in and out of the area every three hours on the dot tend to draw attention. But Tim said he would start his shift around 0100.”

Nearly two hours. Bishop bit her lip and looked out the window. Dinozzo had a guess as to what was bothering her now, but he declined to say anything. If she wanted to broach the subject, she would have to ask. In the meantime, he now had some questions for her.

“What does your husband do?” He asked.

“Hmm? Oh, Jake? He also works at NSA.”

“Rule 12: never date a coworker.”

Ellie looked at Tony, slightly annoyed. “I don’t think that rule applies to desk workers.”

“I guess it’s different when you don’t have to trust your lives to each other. You need a clear head when you’re in the line of fire. Can’t afford distractions.”

Bishop had to concede that the rule made sense. “But it did help with the job talk. Most people, you know, we can’t really talk to about what we do. So much of our job is classified or confidential. So it’s nice that we have the same clearance, we don’t have to keep secrets.”

“I understand,” Tony said. They continued to talk, not really about anything specific while they observed the suspect’s car. Dinozzo really liked movies, so they talked for a while about that. Ellie’s need reached a 7/10, and she looked again at her watch. 11:54. Still at least an hour before Tim would take over. She decided to finally bite the bullet.

“So how exactly do we use the bathroom during a stakeout?” She asked, trying to sound casual.

Bishop’s question confirmed Tony’s suspicion. “Different people do different things. It’s an easy solution for men,” Tony said, holding up an empty bottle.

“But the women I’ve worked with have all had different techniques. Kate used to wear diapers to stakeouts, but she claimed it was just as a precaution. I’m not sure she ever actually used one and I sure as hell wasn’t going to ask. Agent Lee had one of those she-wee funnel things, and I am sure she used that. And Ziva could usually just hold it the whole time. I was once trapped in a cargo container with her for pretty much a whole day, and she never once indicated she needed to pee in that time. Though she did make a run for the bathroom as soon as we were rescued.”

Bishop listened, and bit her lip as she looked away. She hadn’t made any similar preparations; these suggestions were not going to help her.

“It’s not one of Gibbs’s rules, but a general good idea on stakeouts is to lower your fluid intake prior to starting.”

“Well why didn’t you say anything beforehand?” Bishop asked, subconsciously rubbing the heel of her wrist on her thigh. “I had two energy drinks before we got here!”

“I guess I didn’t think about it. It was your idea to do a stakeout, I thought you were more aware of what that would entail.” Tony responded. Ellie didn’t say anything.

“McGee should be here in an hour, are you good to wait that long?”

Bishop leaned back and closed her eyes. “Yeah. Yeah I should be good.”

Tony looked at her. “That sounded less confident than I hoped for. Are you sure?”

“I’m a big girl Tony, I can hold it for an hour.”

“It’s not just an hour, it’s an hour from now. You’ve already been holding it.”

“I know, Tony! Talking about it doesn’t help,” Ellie said sharply. It was getting difficult to sit still, or to keep her mind off of her filling bladder.

Tony dropped the issue and changed the subject back to movies. He tactfully avoided talking about Waterworld. Bishop was grateful for the distraction and kept the conversation moving. After a few more minutes of talking, Ellie started to get worried. Her bladder seemed to be filling more rapidly, now at an 8/10. She looked at her watch and still had forty minutes to go.

“That’s him,” Tony said suddenly, straightening up in his seat to see better.

“What? It’s Eddie?” Bishop looked at the car, then to the staircase of the parking structure. Sure enough, Eddie Macklin was striding towards his car. As he got in, Ellie heard Tony dial Gibbs.

“Bishop and I are at the airport. Eddie's back. He picked up his car. We're tailing him now,” Tony told Gibbs. He waited for a reply, then said “Will do.”

He looked at Ellie. “The chase is on.”

Ellie’s excitement at progressing the case temporarily drove her desperation from her mind. Tony followed Eddie from a distance, trying to keep a car or two between themselves and the target vehicle. They followed him for three blocks, then he turned right. The rush of excitement Ellie felt began to diminish somewhat, and her filling bladder once again made itself known. Ellie winced as a new wave of desperation washed over her. It had increased in intensity, as if her bladder was punishing her for ignoring it. She audibly groaned as her desperation reached a 9/10.

“How’re you holding up?” Tony asked. Ellie wanted to feel annoyed, but she could hear in his voice that he wasn’t teasing her.

“I have to go pretty damn badly. It’s rough.”

Tony nodded sympathetically. “Once Macklin stops somewhere, you can find a place to pee.”

“God I hope he doesn’t take long.”

They continued to follow Macklin’s car, Ellie’s legs tightly crossed and Tony focused on the chase. Macklin made another right turn, and Ellie gasped as she felt her first leak.

“Bishop…?” Tony asked, glancing at her as he drove.

“I’m okay,” she said. “I’m okay I’m okay.”

“If you were really okay, one okay would be enough,” Tony countered.

Bishop decided not to address that, and looked at Macklin as he turned left. “Where is he going? He just turned off of this street, it doesn’t make any sense to turn back towards it.”

Tony immediately had an answer, but he hesitated to tell her. She already clearly had to pee so badly… “He might suspect he’s being tailed.”

“What? How? Did he see us?” Bishop asked.

“I don’t think so. Maybe he’s just paranoid. Or maybe he’s lost,” Tony said.

Bishop dropped her head against the headrest and groaned. Either option meant Macklin would be driving longer than normal; and Ellie didn’t think she could hold it much longer. As if in response, Ellie’s bladder pulsed again. She felt another leak, but managed to get it back under control. She bit her lip and remained silent, hoping for nothing more than relief. Then she thought about the marine victim she had seen at the crime scene just yesterday. Stopping Macklin was more important than anything, even her shame.

Ellie felt another leak, this one much longer. She peed for almost two full seconds, leaving her panties undeniably wet. Her face was beet red, and she slipped a hand under her ass to se if any urine had soaked through to her jeans. She couldn’t feel anything, but it was of little comfort. Here she was, chasing a killer, her first field case… and she was on the verge of peeing her pants. Eddie Macklin continued to drive in a confused manner, turning down streets at random as if he were sure he was being followed. Tony assured Bishop that Macklin couldn’t have seen them, but she had to wonder.

Ellie’s thoughts were cut off by another spurt, this one much longer. She tried to get it under control, but her bladder seemed numb to her control. She realized that this was it: she had lost the battle, she was going to wet her pants. Urine streamed out of her, Ellie could feel it pooling in a puddle in her seat. The butt of her jeans was quickly drenched with hot pee, and she felt it wicking up the back of her pants almost to her belt. She looked down at her lap, where a dark stain was spreading quickly toward her knees. Tony glanced at her, the question he was about to ask died on his lips as he realized what was happening. It took Ellie almost a minute before she finished peeing, slowly cutting off the flow. The pee had formed a puddle over an inch deep in the seat, almost flowing over the edge into the floorboards.

Ellie released a long breath that she hadn’t realized she’d been holding, then the reality of what just happened set in. Bishop sat in shocked, soaked silence as the odor of her urine began to fill the air. She had wet her pants on a stakeout. She had wet her pants in Tony’s car. She was absolutely mortified.

“It’s alright,” Tony said.

“How? How is it alright, I can’t believe I just wet my pants in your car. I was supposed to be proving myself here, and instead I just proved I can’t sit on a three hour stakeout without humiliating myself!” Bishop said all of this very quickly, unable to stop the words pouring out of her mouth any more than she had been able to stop her urine.

“Stop spiraling! This sort of thing happens sometimes,” Tony started.

“I can’t believe it!” Ellie said again.

“How am I supposed to look Gibbs in the eyes after this? He vouched for me, and on my second day of field work I pee myself in a senior agent’s car!”

“I told you, it happens,” he repeated.

“Really? It happens? You’ve wet yourself during an official investigation?” Bishop asked rhetorically.

“Yes,” Tony said simply.

Ellie started. She didn’t know what she expected, but it wasn’t that.

“I was chasing a suspect on foot, God it was years ago,” Tony said.

“I was still a Baltimore PD beat cop, not even a detective. I pursued the suspect into an alley and drew my weapon. I told him to turn around with his hands on his head. He turned, and I saw the gun in his hands. He aimed at me, but I was quicker. It was the first time I ever fired my weapon at someone, so my aim was a little off. Two misses, one hit to the shoulder. The guy went down, and I got him in cuffs. When the shock wore off, I realized I had peed all down my leg. Never even felt it happen, but there I was in wet pants.”

Tony waited for Ellie’s response, but none was forthcoming.

“Now I thought that that would be the end of my career. That for the rest of my time on the force I’d be called Tinkle Tony or something. But nobody ever gave me any grief over it. I made detective a few months later, and when I moved to NCIS there wasn’t a man or woman in that building who disrespected me because of what happened.”

“Really?” was all Ellie said.

“Really. I told Tim that story too. Well the short version. I also told him never to tell anyone about it, but I feel like we’re on even ground in that department now.”

Ellie laughed at that, and began to feel more at ease with what happened. Her wet jeans were becoming cold rather quickly though. “I need dry pants. But I can’t call Jake to bring them to me. I don’t want him anywhere near Eddie Macklin. He’s not a field agent and has no intention of being one.”

“So what’s the plan, Bishop?” Tony asked.

Bishop hesitated, then said “you told McGee that story?”

“Yes.”

“And he never made fun of you for it?” She continued.

“Not for that, no,” Tony said.

“So I can trust him not to tell anyone about me wetting my pants?”

“I would trust every person on the team with any secret. Except Palmer. And sometimes Abby,” Tony assured her.

Ellie took a breath. “Okay. Can you call him and ask him to buy me some dry pants and underwear? I’ll pay him back, he can just meet us wherever Macklin stops. I just hope I’ll have time to change.”

“Sounds like a plan to me. Why can’t you call him though?” Tony asked.

“I really just don’t want to say it out loud. I appreciate you trying to make it better, but it’s still really embarrassing.” Ellie looked at Tony pleadingly until he nodded at her. Bishop heard the ringing on Tony’s end as he called McGee, and then Tim’s voice over the phone. “Special Agent McGee.”

“McGee, it’s Dinozzo. Are you getting ready to back us up?” Tony asked.

“Yeah, Gibbs told me you were tailing Macklin. I’m getting in the car now.”

“Well can you make a quick detour? I need you to pick up some spare pants and underwear,” Tony said.

“….what?”

“A change of clothes. Bishop wet her pants.”

“She what?”

“You heard me right, don’t make me say it again.”

“Bishop wet her pants?” McGee asked.

“Congratulations, you passed your hearing test,” Tony said sarcastically.

“….is she still there with you?”

“Hold on,” Tony said, putting Tim on speaker.

“I’m here,” Ellie said.

“Is Tony trying to pull some weird prank?” Tim asked.

“How would this be a prank?”

“I don’t know. It’s kind of a weird look for a lone guy to buy women’s jeans and underwear at 1:30 in the morning. And it would also be a weird look to give them to you if you didn’t actually need them.”

“It’s not a prank, McGee I really need your help here,” Ellie pleaded.

“Okay,” Tim said. “What specifically do you need me to get?”

Ellie told him what size jeans and panties to get, and Tony added to bring wet wipes and a towel. McGee told them he would be as quick as possible, then hung up. Ellie was feeling a little better (though still very wet) and returned her attention to Eddie Macklin.

Macklin drove all over the city, continuing to take random turns for the rest of the night. The sun was starting to rise by the time he finally came to a stop outside of a garage. He parked his car, then disappeared inside. Tony called Gibbs and McGee to give them the location, and not two minutes later McGee pulled up beside them. Bishop rolled down her window and McGee rolled down his.

“You okay, Bishop?” He asked.

“Been better,” Ellie said, not meeting his gaze.

“Well, these things happen. No need to worry about it,” McGee said, passing Ellie’s new clothes through the open window.

Ellie accepted the bag, and thought to herself about the best way to change her pants in the car. Tony got out and walked around to the passenger side, where McGee had also gotten out. They both leaned with their backs against Ellie’s window, blocking her from view. It wasn’t really necessary, as the sun had barely peaked over the horizon, but Bishop appreciated the gesture. She pulled the towel out of the bag and placed it over the seat, although much of the pee had already soaked in.

She then pulled out her new clothes, placing the dry panties into the jeans, trying to line them up so she could put them both on in one motion. She put the new clothes to the side, then removed her socks and shoes (which were thankfully still dry). Bishop pulled her pants and panties down together, struggling slightly as the wet denim clung to her legs. Once they were off, Ellie placed them in the plastic shopping bag. She then cleaned herself with the wipes and put on the new clothes. This part was also challenging, as she had to shimmy the pants and panties up her legs without standing up (as there was no room in the car) or sitting down (as she didn’t want to sit back down in her pee puddle with her new pants.)

Bishop exited the car, as clean and dry as she could get in the situation, but still feeling damp. “Thank you, both of you. I really appreciate how helpful you’ve both been.”

“Don’t mention it,” McGee said.

“Plenty of time to return the favor,” Tony added.

“You’d still want me on your team?” Bishop asked.

“Of course,” McGee replied. “Rule number five.”

Tony nodded.

“I don’t think we covered that one,” Bishop said, still slightly overwhelmed by their support.

“You don’t waste good,” Dinozzo and McGee said in unison.

“And you, Bishop, are definitely good,” Tony said.

*002*2024-08-26 10:27

{{15 hours ago, ivan72 said:

I like it. Is anything about Kate or Abby also coming? Abby should be desperate half of the time ..

}}

Someone else already made one for Abby, and I don’t think I could write one different enough to be worth it. I might write a Kate story, but it would be a long way off.

$/76543-to-much-caf-pow-ncis-abby-fan-fic/?do=embed&comment=1970126&embedComment=1970126&embedDo=findComment#comment-1970126"

