Locked in

Author: JacobEvie

*000*2016-10-02 01:00

Another Assassin's Creed Sydicate story, hope you enjoy.

"We have a letter," Evie announced to her twin as he hopped on the train.

"What's it this time?" He asked with a frown.

Evie took the letter out and read, "We know of a piece of Eden. Come to the Tower."

"That it?"

She looked the paper over and nodded.

"Well let's get your damned piece of Eden found, shall we?" He smirked.

She glared at him, "how many times do I have to tell you that they are dangerous."

"yeah, yeah."

"Jacob I'm serious."

"yes I know that."

The two then headed off to the Tower. But were ambushed on the way there. Templars sneered at them as they all gathered around.

"What have we here?" Jacob teased.

The Templars all pulled out their knives or guns, now ready to fight.

"let's get to it then shall we?" He smirked.

The Templars came hard and fast but were no match for the twins. However, it seemed that the Templars were never ending. Evie suddenly feel a sharp prick at the back of her neck, as a heavy weight bump into her. She pulled the man off of her and snapped his neck, before feeling at her neck. She couldn't feel anything, but something had hit her.

Jacob looked to her as she looked as through she was slowing down slightly. Her movement becomes dull and unfocused.

"Evie!" He yelled as she was hit from behind.

He qui key rushed over to her and stabbed the Templars right in the neck. Rove gave him a weak look before dropping to her knees. Her twin looked on in worry and also felt a sharp pain in his neck. He ended the templar quickly and turned back to his twin, who was now laying on the floor.

"Evie!" He called, feeling himself grow weaker all of a sudden.

The Templars all looked on with amused looks. The twins had been neutralise. They finally woke a few hours later to find themselves in a dimly lit room. Evie shook her head and looked around, seeing nothing but darkness.

"Jacob!" She called out to her twin, getting a groan in return.

"Evie, what happened? Where are we?"

"If I knew I would tell you." She answered rather annoyed.

He shrugged and looked down on hinself, noticing that his weapons were gone. He quickly checked his coat and found nothing.

"Where's my things?"

His twin shook her head in response, before looking about the room. There was a big steel door that she forcibly pushed herself against. The door was stuck and would not budge in the slightist. Jacob stumbled over to help her, but with both their weak combined it still did nothing.

"Check the walls!"

He nodded and felt around the place, searching for something, anything that would help. But nothing was available.

"We're stuck."

She shook her head, "there's always a way out, Jacob!"

"Then by all means enlighten me."

She searched herself, but like he had said there was nothing.

"Damn!"

He turned back and sat himself against the wall to think it through. Evie stood by the door, listening. Eventually footsteps could be heard followed by voices.

"Open the latch!"

"Yes, miss!"

Evie stepped back as a small latch on the door opened. A tray of food and drink were then pushed in for the pair.

"Let us out of here!" Evie snapped.

"All in good time now eat."

The latch was then closed and the footsteps receded. Evie looked to the tray of food and drink just as Jacob Obama interrupted her.

"Pass it here."

She looked to him, but pushed the tray his way. He grabbed the bread and started ripping into it. Evie looked at him, thinking that he looked like a wild animal. He drank back the water and left the other for Evie if she wanted it that was.

A few hours later and Evie was starting to feel a little thirsty. She looked to Jacob who was looking alright and decided to have a drink herself. She drank by the whole tankard and grabbed what but if food there was left and devoured it.

Jacob got up after a while to paced back and fotth, his legs needed exercise or so he'd said. She stole a glance in he is direction and though she'd seen him grab his crouch. She shrugged it off and sat back while closing her eyes to rest a little while. Hoping that they would eventually be set free. Another tray was brought in a few hours later. It seemed that they had no intention of letting their captives starve or go thirsty. Evie looked to the tray then to her twin, who this time hadn't bothered with it.

A few more hours passed and her twin had grown restless. She had tried to ignore him, but he was now letting out small groans.

"Jacob! Sit down."

He shook his head, "I cant."

She furrowed her brows, "why not?"

"Its not helping."

"What's not helping?"

He grabbed his crouch again and she could see he was embarrassed about it.

She definitely understood now, "oh."

He kept up his pacing and grabbed himself a few times. Evie could feel herself growing desperate too, but she could wait, she would wait.

"How long are we going to be in here for?" He complained.

He headed over to the door and banged on it, but there was no response.

"Open this fucking door!" He yelled, before another groan escaped him.

He grabbed himself and gasped slightly.

"Jacob?"

He looked to her, "I cant wait. I'm sorry Evie."

She looked mortified by this, but she understood his pain and let him do it. He headed over to the wall at the back and undid his trousers, quickly whipping out his clock and letting the stream flow. He sighed in relief,making Evie black it out.

He ticked himself away and did up his trousers once again. Feeling at the damp spot at the front, he sighed in annoyanxe, but turned back around. He couldn't bare to look at his twin, what with having just passed in front of her.

She sat quickly thinking about how she would go on with her own need that was desperately growing. Jacob was once again looking around seeing if she could find anything. Unfortunately there was still nothing he could find. He eventually gave up and sat down again, closing his eyes.

It wasn't long before Evie found her bladder on the brink of letting go. She cursed herself for drinking the water, but she'd been so thirsty. Jacob was no sat sipping at the next lot of water, while she too longed to drink hers.

"how you holding up, sis?" He asked a life concerned.

She shook her head, "i'll be glad to get back to the train."

"me too." He smirked.

She eventually shifted, finding herself growing quite uncomfortable. Jacob sat back with his head resting up against the wall, his eyes closed again. While his twin fought the desperate battle to hold on. She had no intentions ofholding herself, even though she was growing more and more desperate by the minute. She had no idea how long she would last.

The minutes ticked by as she found herself in agony. Her bladder was screaming at her for release, but her pride said no. She squirmed and looked down at herself, wondering if she was still dry. She but her lip, before placing a hand down there. She'd never held herself like this before, finding it somewhat of a childish thing to do, but right now she had no other choice. Her hand clamped down hard over herself. But she couldn't hold back the groan that had established escaped her, just as a few squares had left her.

Her twin looked over to her and he grew concerned.

"Evie, what's wrong?" He asked, while pulling himself up and going over to her.

"Nothing." She lied, but he could see the pain in her expression as clear as day.

He sat down next to her and rubbed her arm, "I can tell somethings wrong now tell me."

She looked away from him clearly embarrassed as he had once been.

"I said I'm fine." She hosed, before gasping again.

"Evie!"

He looked down at her know and noticed her other hand was tucked under her coat.

"Do you need to...."

"NO!" She quickly snapped.

He shook his head and decided that there was no winning with his twin. Instead he sat back against her, feeling her every move and the odd groan that let her. It wasn't long before his twin grew to the point of getting on his nerves. She was now sat forwards slightly, with both hands wedged between her legs.

"Evie, this is stupid. Get yourself up and go piss in the corner."

She shook her head frantically, "NO!"

His anger was now raising with his sister's stupidity, "you're going to hurt yourself."

"I don't care!" She hissed.

"No but I do. I don't like seeing you in pain, now get up and relive yourself."

She shook her head, rocking back and forth slightly now.

"I cant do it."

He sighed, "yes you cna, now get up and go."

Another shake of her head and yet another gasp, "it hurt, Jacob." She warned him as she now began to sob.

He rubbed her arm and talked to her soothingly, "let me help you."

"I cant do it."

"Evie, work with me."

"I cant."

"Dont say that, now come on." He pulled himself to his feet and took hold of her arm. She but her lip harder this time, feeling more pain and the taste of copper in her mouth.

"Come on, Evie."

"Its too late," she cried.

He bent down and looked to her, "just let go Evie."

She looked to him with a pain filled expression, was he mad. She shook her head, "I'm not doing it. I won't do it."

He grabbed her arm and pulled it up and away from between her legs, she gasped again, but he took her slightly damp hand in his own.

"Evie please just let go. I won't say or do anything. Just please tell it go."

She lowered her head, shut her eyes and willed herself to hold on. A sudden pressure on her abdomen, made her snapped her head up and look to her twin. His free hand was creating upon her selenium bladder, causing more discomfort. She groaned, just as more urine managed to slip from her.

"Evie."

She shook her head and finally decided to let herself go. The relief was unbearable, piss flowed from her for what felt like ages. Jacob kept hi Shandong on her abdomen to make sure she was releasing it. He smiled as he heard her pant slightly. Her chest raising and falling with the relief of finally letting go. When he was certain she was finished he moved his hand away and sat hself next to her.

"how are you feeling?" He asked, looking to her.

She couldn't bare to look at him as she wiped the tears from her face. He wrapped an arm around her and pulled her close to tell her cry in his arms.

She'd never be able to let this down. This would embarrassed her for the rest of her life. Jacobson the other hand was glad to finally make her see sense. He hated seeing his sister in pain ever and he was glad she was free of it at least it was one thing.

*001*2016-10-02 10:34

Sorry for the mistakes was writing this on my kindle at 2 I'm the morning.

