My First Story Attempt - To be continued - Page 3

Author: JMatthews1995

*055*2018-10-05 16:32

Soph watched as Jess pulled her leggings up tight over the panties she had peed for her. She couldn't believe Jess was actually going through with this, She was going to have such a messy little pussy by the time she got home! As Jess slipped into her leather skirt Soph thought it would be best she found something a bit more air tight as well! Specially as she usually peed 3 times in a day. Not wiping that many times might make her get a little fragrant down below and she sure as hell didn't want anyone noticing at work!

She hurried off to find some leggings for her self and slipped into them. She changed to a long pencil skirt and then slipped her dainty bare feet back into her ankle boots. She was gonna make Jess worship them so much tonight!!

The girls both left for work at the same time. Jess looked as though she was struggling to walk properly!

"What's wrong with you? You look like you have peed your panties" Soph joked

"I'm tingling like crazy Soph! The fabric keeps tickling me it's slid up between my pussy lips and keeps rubbing my clit!" Jess was being extremely open about this dirty situation and Soph couldn't help but picture Jess's cute little pussy.

"You need to walk normally Jess! People will wonder what's going on!"

Jess shaped up and began walking normally. The damp panties clinging to her pussy felt heavenly! She couldn't wait to get home and beg Soph to lick her clean. After all, she was the one that had made her have a pissy pussy!

The girls didn't work together at the same company. Soph had decided this was for the best otherwise they'd end up distracting each other constantly.

Soph's company was very busy! There were loads of people about and she was getting nervous about having a wet pair of panties between her legs!

Jess's company luckily for her was totally quiet. Her team were out on a training course and the office was basically dead.

"Thank god" She muttered as she settled into her seat. She felt the damp panties press against her cute bum. Her pussy tingled and she settled down to work, doing her best to ignore the pissy panties tickling between her legs.

Soph had also settled by now. Her delicate feet already getting all lovely and warm. She was getting turned on just thinking about Jess kissing them. Not to mention the slightly damp panties between her legs that Jess had already made a little messy for her!

Around 2 hours into work Soph needed her first pee of the day. She was nervous as hell! The walk to the toilets she focused on nothing but how her pussy had felt all damp and tingly the day before. She was going to have to spend the whole day at work feeling that way, on a slightly smaller scale this time though!

She checked no one was in the bathroom and then slid into one of the stalls. She pulled her leggings and panties down and settled on the toilet. Then a naughty thought came into her head! She would video the last few dribbles and then her pulling Jess' panties back up over her wet pussy!

She peed almost her entire bladder then stopped the flow near the end leaving just enough to start the flow back up. She got her phone out and started videoing. She winked at the camera and then tilted it down. She did the last few dribbles of pee and then with her free hand quickly pulled her panties back up. She instantly felt the pee wick away from between her delicate wet flaps. A cute little wet patch appeared on Jess's panties and she filmed it close up to make sure Jess saw! She then sent the video over to her and settled back into her work seat with her wet little pussy tingling between her sexy legs.

She received a video back withing 20 minutes! Jess had videoed under her desk. She watched with excitement as she saw Jess taking her ankle boots off, pulling her socks off, and then sliding her gorgeous feet back into her ankle boots. The caption read

"I really hope you'll lick these little cuties clean for me later sweetie! I can't wait to lick your pissy little lips clean"

Soph's wet clitty throbbed. She was so so excited to get home now!

*058*2018-10-06 16:32

Jess's cute pussy was starting to feel a bit uncomfortable. She had been sat in Soph's pissy panties now for around 4 hours. Sitting with her legs crossed over each other felt very very dirty as it squeezed her wet lips around the damp fabric of her panties. She was still seriously turned on, but she knew they needed freshening up and she really needed to give her pussy a chance to get some fresh air!

She decided to head to the toilets. Once in the stall Jess slipped her skirt off entirely and hung it on the hook on the back of the door. Then peeled her leggings off down to her knees. She looked down at her damp panties and grinned slightly. Soph's pee aroma wafted gently up from between her legs. She shivered as the fabric cooled and her clit tingled. She opened her legs nice and wide and just sat letting her pussy breath and relax. She tried not too hard to focus on the fact that she was wet with her girlfriends yummy pee to avoid getting her self even stickier down below.

She took a naughty photo of her self, sat legs spread with the pissy panties pulled up tight and then sent it to Soph. The message read "I wanna wet them, but then I won't be wet with your pee any more" There was a little sad face at the end of the message.

She got a reply very sharpish "Pee, but then let the last dribble go into your panties"

Jess was shocked. Soph was encouraging her to pee her already stinky wet panties! At work!! She instantly obliged. She pulled them down and just stared at her glistening pussy lips. The aroma was now slightly stronger as well. She started to pee and just sat admiring her beautiful anatomy. Whoever had designed the female vagina clearly had a pee fetish! Who else would place a pee hole right next to the most sensual organ of the female body? She thought to her self.

She finished her pee and sat admiring her beautiful sopping wet pussy. Then without shaking or wiping she slowly pulled the cold damp panties back up. She felt the cold fabric touch her lips and she shivered! A wave of pleasure ran through her and she then let the last spurt of pee go. She watched as the wetness spread on the panties and then pulled her leggings back up and slipped her leather skirt back on. She was a dirty little mess and she was loving every second of it! She was getting naughty, thoughts of Soph licking her pissy flaps clean were running through her head and it was making her tingle.

She knew she had to get Soph in a naughty mood, that way she might be up for licking her clean! She decided to send Soph a photo.

She walked back to her desk, the whole time her pissy panties clinging to her, gently rubbing against her throbbing clit. She was going to cum in these panties, she could feel it!

Once she was back at her desk, she slid one of her boots half off her foot and then took a photo. She sent it to Soph. The caption read "My poor little toes are getting so hot and sweaty Soph! I really hope you want to lick them clean still"

The reply was instant. "PUT YOUR BOOT BACK ON!"

Jess replied "I might do you a deal later. It may include you braving licking my dirty little pussy"

"It'd have to be a damn good deal Jess. You are going to be so so pissy down there by the time you get home! You're such a dirty DIRTY girly!"

*059*2018-10-06 19:01

Jess spent the next 3 hours in a seriously long and seriously uncomfortable meeting. Sitting down, legs crossed, panties pissy. She was a tingly little mess down below and she wanted a seriously pleasureful relief! Her soft little feet all hot and sweaty in her boots was actually starting to feel nice to her as well! Maybe Soph was warming to the idea of peeing and wetting as she was to the idea of playing with Soph's feet! Who knows.

Soph need her second pee of the day. She slipped into the bathroom checking the coast was clear. She was always shy in public bathrooms and even more so knowing how naughty she was being! She settled into one of the stalls. Lifted her skirt up, and gently slid Jess' panties down from between her legs. She could definitely smell the soft faint aroma of her pissy little pussy. She was actually quite enjoying being a dirt girl!

She looked down at her delicate little flower. It was quite obviously turned on. She could see the glistening dampness of both her sticky juices and her dirty pee!

"Just one, maybe two more pees you dirty little thing! Then Jessie can lick you clean" she thought as she started relieving her self into the toilet. She watched as her pee forced it's way out from her stuck together pussy lips. They burst open and the flow came spraying out. She closed her legs together tight but carried on peeing forcing her pee to spread up and down between her stinky little pee flaps! She felt it tingle on her clit. She couldn't resist touching her self gently. She softly slipped one finger down between her lips as she continued to pee. She felt her wet little clit and gently tickled it. She shivered with excitement! It wouldn't take Jess long to make her squirt later. That was for sure!

The second the flow had stopped she slid her panties back up over her dripping pussy. Then gently pressed her panties. She felt the warmth spread around her fingers. She lifted her hand up and gave her pussy a little slap

"Naughty naughty thing! You're so stinky and messy!" She thought to her self. She then stood up and headed out the toilets. The walk back to her chair tickled her like made. The little panties gently rubbing her pussy as she walked. She was definitely well aware of her gorgeous sweaty little feets as well and she was hoping like mad that Jess would treat them right when the both got home!

*061*2018-10-07 12:06

Around 30 minutes to the end of her work day, Jess's bladder was throbbing and begging for her second pee during work time. He clit was tingly and still a little damp but her pussy had mostly dried by now.

She again slipped away from her desk and settled her self onto the toilet. Once again she followed the rules from Soph. She slid her panties down and spread her legs wide. The pissy aroma was definitely stronger this time. She smelled amazing! She slid her fingers down between her pissy flaps and felt her throbbing clit tingle! She smelled her fingers and gently licked them clean. My god she was horny! Her bladder spasmed. It was like it was reminding her that this was normally pee time and that she should hurry up and give it relief! She relaxed and watched as the pee flowed out from between her sticky lips. Again near the end she clamped off the flow, slid her panties up over her dripping pussy then let the last spurt go into her panties. The trickled softly though the fabric and splashed into the bowl below. She slid her leggings back up and pulled them up nice and tight, the wet fabric pressed tightly against her pissy flaps. She shivered with excitement.

Once she had got her skirt back on she went and settled down for the last half an hour of work. All she was focused on now was what naughty fun she was going to have with Soph when they both got home! Surely she had earned some naughty pee fun after spending 9 hours with hot little bare feet in her boots for he naughty girlfriend!

Soph needed her 3rd pee of the day. Again she pulled her panties down in the toilets. She admired her beautiful little pussy. She could only imagine how nice it was going to feel having Jess between her legs licking her stinky dirty pussy clean! She released her steady stream watching it dribble out. She cut off the flow half way through and held it under her control for as long as she could. She felt her pee hole twitching and it burst open again releasing the rest of her bladder. She wanted to be like Jess. She knew Jess could stop mid flow and control it like it wasn't an issue! She had always been impressed with that ever since she walked in on Jess peeing in their first few weeks of dating. Jess had panicked and jumped up off the toilet. Almost instantly the flow had stopped she had been impressed that Jess just stood pee hole clamped shut, as she had apologized repeatedly for storming in in such a rush!

After she had finished peeing, she slid her panties up again over her still dripping pussy flaps. She scent of pee was getting stronger and she was glad it was nearly time for her to leave work! She wasn't sure just how obvious her pee smell was when she was in the busy office with all the smell of coffee and cooked lunch from the canteen.

The drive home was torture for both of the girls. Sitting with pissy damp panties clinging to their stinky little pussies, every stomp of the pedals wiggling their hips slightly, and not being able to open their legs much to let their damp little pussies get some air was driving them mad.

Soph was first home. She hurried into the house and ran upstairs to grab a couple of towels. She knew whatever was going to happen when Jess got home was going to get seriously messy!

*062*2018-10-07 14:16

She heard Jess's car pulling up on the drive way. Her heart was pounding! He hands almost as sweaty as her beautiful little feet! She was so excited to see Jess!

She heard Jess's keys jingling in the door. It opened and in slipped Jess. Soph was stood smiling like crazy! Jess slid her hand into her bag and threw a rolled up pair of socks at Soph and giggled.

"Soph, I'm horny as hell right now but damn I would kill for a cup of coffee!"

"Are you serious?! That's what you're thinking about?!" Soph replied

"Just joking! Come here you dirty girl!!"

Soph ran over and wrapped her arms around Jess. She smelled her beautiful hair and kissed her neck then moved in for a proper kiss. Jess felt Soph's hand sliding down onto her bum and then felt her squeeze it.

"How are you're cute little feet Jess?" Teased Soph

"So hot baby! How's your stinky little pussy?"

"Damp baby! It needs licking clean! Come with me"

Soph grabbed Jess' hand and dragged her through into the living room. There were candles lit and the floor had pillows and towels lay on it. Jess's pussy throbbed with excitement! She was craving Soph's dirty little pussy! All she wanted to do was rip her pissy panties down and eat her all evening!

Soph sat down on the towels. She slowly spread her legs and then gently slid them closer to her so her knees were tucked up. As she did her skirt tipped back and revealed her little damp panties to Jess. Jess shivered with excitement. Soph beckoned her over and patted the towel between her legs. She watched intently as Jess knelt down and started crawling towards her between her legs.

Jess could smell the heavenly scent wafting up from between Soph's gorgeous legs. She watched as so gently slid her panties way from her pussy and down her legs. She slipped them over her boots and handed them to Jess.

"I hope I got them dirty enough for you Jessie, my poor little pussy has been so damp and dirty all day just for you!"

Jess gently smelled the panties. She was in heaven! Soph then lifted her skirt up again revealing her delicate pussy to Jess. She pulled Jess towards her

"Smell it!"

Jess leaned in between her legs, she saw Soph's soft pussy right in front of her and boy did it smell good! She went to kiss it. Soph stopped her instantly and closed her legs together.

"Ah ah ah! Not until you have worshipped my cute little feet Jessie. My smelly little pussy can wait a little while yet!" She didn't want to say that, she wanted to shove Jess' head between her legs force her to make her cum right away! But she knew that the orgasm would be much stronger if she had her own naughty fetish satisfied first!

Jess unzipped Soph's ankle boots and pulled them off. Out slid two absolutely perfectly pampered bare feet. They were glistening with sweat. Soph's heart was racing!

"Kiss them baby, gently, and then nibble my cute toes!" Requested Soph

Jess having got a glimpse and smell of Soph's pussy didn't resist at all! She began kissing and licking Soph's sexy feet. Taking special care suck each of her soft delicate toes! After 15 minutes of having her feet worshipped Soph was about to explode. Her pussy was pulsating between her legs her clit throbbing with excitement!

"Okay baby, you can eat me now"

Soph opened her legs. Jess stared intently at her girlfriends gorgeous pussy. It was glistening wet and there was a little damp patch on the towel.

"Sorry baby I got a bit excited"

Jess dived in between her legs. Instantly the beautiful scent of her girlfriends pissy pussy made her clit tingle even harder! Her girlfriend was so so dirty! She gently touched Soph's pussy and slid one of her fingers down between her wet lips. Soph shivered and took Jess' hand away. She lifted it to her own face and tasted her self on Jess' fingers. She tasted good!

Jess lay down, her head directly in line with Sophs throbbing pussy, then she began to eat. Softly at first, savouring ever lick and enjoying the taste of her girlfriends sopping wet pussy. She couldn't believe how dirty they were both being. Each lick took Soph a little closer to orgasm. Jess gently slid two fingers into Soph's wet pussy and began massaging her at he same time as licking. Huge waves of pleasure were rolling over Soph. Every lick, every finger stroke made her throb. Then suddenly, she came! Her back arched, her pussy spasmed and she felt a huge wave of pleasure. Her toes curled and her hands gripped tight on Jess' hair. She had squirted! Right in Jess' mouth! I bet she enjoyed that, Soph thought to her self.

"Soph! You're amazing! You tasted so so good!" Jess said

"I hope you taste good too princess" Soph replied.

Jess' clit throbbed! Soph was going to eat her out! After she had bathed her pussy in hers and Soph's pee all day!!! She nearly squirted right then in her panties just thinking about it!

*064*2018-10-07 15:34

Jess knew her pussy was a sopping, throbbing wet little mess. She was really hoping that Soph didn't get scared and back out of being naughty for her. After all she was about to get her gorgeous little bare feet out for Soph to lick and kiss!

Jess started unzipping her boots. Soph's eyes lit up!

"Jess are they really hot?"

"Of course they are! You are going to lick them clean, aren't you?" Jess questioned.

She sat with her feet between Soph's legs. Soph continued to remove her boots and slid them off each of Jess's perfect little feet one at a time. She lifted one up in front of her face and gently kissed it. Then she licked, then nibbled Jess' toes, and then started to passionately such each of Jess' soft sweaty little toes! Her pussy began to tingle again. She was gonna cum in her panties just from licking Jess' feet!

Once she had finished one of Jess' feet she began on the other. That's when suddenly she jumped!

"What are you doing?!" Soph shouted a little too loudly.

"Tickling you!" Jess replied. She had put her other foot gently on Soph's sopping wet pussy. She began gently massaging her wet pussy with her delicate toes. Soph closed her legs around Jess' foot.

"You can't have it back until I have squirted on it!" She said forcefully.

Jess rolled her foot around gently massaging every last bit of Sophs wet pussy. After about 5 minutes Soph spasmed. She felt the jet of warm pussy fluid spray all over her foot and between her wet toes. She then offered it up to Soph and demanded that she licked her foot clean.

Jess was hoping that Soph receiving 2 orgasms from her would put her in a brave enough mood to lick her dirty little pussy clean. She invited Soph to take her leggings off. Soph looked nervous, she slowly put her arms up Jess' skirt and slid them down. As she was doing this Jess stroked her toes against Soph's wet pussy. Her clit tingled. Damn Jess was good with her feet!

Soph could smell Jess' pissy pussy from down by her feet. She really hoped she was brave enough to go through with what she was about to do. Jess spread her legs and tucked her feet up the same way Soph had done previously. Soph could see her own panties. They were clinging to Jess' obviously soaked little pussy. She made Jess remove her skirt, then crawled up between her legs. The scent of Jess' pussy was very strong. "Of course it'll smell strong" she though "She has been wearing pissy panties for 11 hours!"

Soph gently grabbed either side of her panties that Jess was wearing and gradually slid them down, slowly exposing Jess's glistening pussy. It looked so cute and innocent. It didn't look naughty enough to have peed it's self twice and got all turned on by being soaked with dirty dirty pee.

She leaned in closer. Jess closed her legs slightly and Soph felt Jess' thighs against her head.

"You smell so dirty Jess, I don't know if I can do this!" Sophs voice quivered a little. Jess really wanted to encourage Soph.

"It's not so bad sweetie! It's only a bit of pee" She said. At the same time Jess slid her foot softly over Soph's wet pussy. She saw Soph shiver and look at her. "While you're licking me, I will stroke your pussy with my soft toes if you like?"

"Yes!" Soph replied as she pushed her self further between Jess' legs. Jess felt Soph kiss her gently. Then a tiny lick, and then Soph's fingers spreading her lips. Her beautiful scent was filling the room! How could a tiny little pussy smell so pissy and yummy! She felt Soph's tongue slide between her dirty flaps. She grabbed the towels and leaned back, she was going to come so so fast! She could sense it. She lifted her foot up and gently started teasing Soph's wet pussy with her toes. 

Soph put one hand between her legs and pressed Jess' foot firmer into her wet pussy and began humping up and down it as she ate Jess' dirty little pussy. She could feel Jess spasming and then suddenly her back arched. A jet of warm fluid sprayed into Soph's mouth! As it did her own pussy released for the 3rd time in a row! Blasting what pussy juice she had left all over Jess' foot, followed by relief of her bladder as well. She was licking her girlfriend out at the same time as peeing on her foot! "Heaven!" Soph thought!

Soph continued to lap at her girlfriends dirty wet pussy for a couple of minutes after she had orgasmed.

"Can I pee Soph?.. Pleeeeeese?" Soph gave her permission. The second she did she felt a blast of warm pee spray into her mouth. She continued to eat, then faster, and faster. Until Jess orgasmed again!

Both of them were extremely relieved! Both extremely satisfied! And both, extremelty dirty! It was definitely time for a shower! After all, their poor little pussies had been sopping wet with pee for 12 hours by now!!

*066*2018-10-09 19:26

The two girls had spent 3 days being naughty with each other's fetish's. They didn't have much fun for the rest of the week. Every know and then Soph would get her cute feet played with and kissed, and Jess would invite Soph to watch her pee and sometimes even make her lick the last few drips off so she didn't have to waste toilet paper.

Jess asked Soph on the Friday if she was interested in some naughty pee fun on the Saturday. Soph who had started getting used to pee fun agreed. She loved making Jess horny, even if it meant having a pissy pussy!

"Okay, the rules are simple. We both wake up, we both pee at the same time, in the shower together of course! Then starting at 9am we both drink exactly the same amount. First one to pee them self looses."

"Is that it?" Soph said. "No staying in peed panties, no rewetting or anything"

"I hadn't finished yet. The looser has to go down on the other. BEFORE they get to empty their bulging bladder! Oh, and this bits for you. Whoever wins gets to pee in the others favorite shoes and make them wear them for 2 hours, bare foot, all pissy and wet!"

Soph wanted to win! She wanted Jess between her legs as her bladder gave way! She wanted to see Jess soak her self in front of her! And most of all she wanted to punish her by peeing in her knee high boots and make her soak her sexy little feet! The deal was on! She was gonna force her little pee hole to stay shut no matter what it took! She would win this challenge no matter how hard she had to grab her pussy!

"Sounds a fair game!" Soph said blushing.

"Really?!"

"Yeah. It sounds like fun!"

The girls woke up at 8am. Jess was super excited for todays fun. She shuffled to the end of the bed and started teasing Soph by kissing her feet and nibbling her toes.

"Wakey wakey Soph!!!" She pulled the blankets off from Soph and saw her cute pajama bottoms. Soph squirmed a bit and rolled star fished. Jess started tickling her feet.

"Come on Soph we have to shower!"

Soph rolled over again and got up. Jess loved seeing her in the morning, hair all messy, and no make up on. She looked so cute and natural!

The girls showered together. Soph put her hand on Jess wet pussy.

"Pee sweetie! I'll tickle you"

She felt the warm flow of Jess' pee and gently massaged her girlfriends beautiful pussy. Jess shivered and then re-payed the favor as Soph relieved her self.

Both of them got dressed for a lazy day today. Soph slid a cute pair of pink panties on, followed by her super comfy leggings, and a baggy t-shirt. Jess was wearing very similar except she had gone for joggers rather than leggings. Both girls picked their favorite fluffy slippers and slid them onto their pretty little feet.

Jess filled a big glass of water for each of them and watched as Soph drank it. She drank hers as well and then said;

"Your cute little pussy is in for one hell of a challenge sweetie. I think these leggings will be getting rather wet today!" she squeezed Soph's hot pussy through her leggings and gently tickled it.

"Nope you'll be getting wet first. I have been training my bladder all week. I can hold really well Jess!"

The morning was rather un-eventful. They drank a steady amount each throughout the first 3 hours of the challenge. Not too much that it ruined the build up, but enough to steadily fill their bladders. Around 4 hours into the day they were snuggled watching a film. Soph was at the back of the sofa lay down the full length, Jess was lay next to her with Soph's arm over her. They had both kicked their slippers off and were stroking their soft feet against each others. Soph's pussy was tingling. She loved playing with Jess' soft little feet!

"Do you need a pee yet Jess?" Soph whispered.

"Nope, not at all if anything I feel like I need to pee less than when I started!" Jess was being daft. She could feel her bladder in her tummy and was well aware of it filling. If she had to score her need at this point she would say 5 out of 10.

"How about you Soph?" Jess reached behind her and felt Soph's tummy. She pressed gently on it.

"Nothing at all. I think I'll still be dry tomorrow at this rate! Is this supposed to be a challenge Jess?" She was also being silly. Her bladder was filling rather quick but she wanted to try and play it cool. She wasn't going to let on that she already needed to pee to the point where she would normally go and find a toilet.

The film ended. By now the girls had both drank 3 big glasses of water. Jess was sure Soph must need to pee more than her.

"Can we play sims for a bit Soph?" Jess said. Soph agreed and they began playing. The first thing Jess did was sell the toilet in the house. She was going to make her sims have a pee holding contest just like the one she was having!

They carried on playing for around an hour. Soph was beginning to get uncomfortable. She slid her hand between her legs and gave her pussy a re-assuring squeeze when Jess was out getting another drink. Her leggings were quite thin, and grabbing her self tickled her pussy!

They sat next to each other on the sofa, legs overlapped and with each others feet between each others so that Soph could play footsie with Jess' beautiful feet.

That's when Soph noticed Jess put her hand between her thighs. She looked to be doing it in a way that was not obvious.

"Need to pee Jess?" Soph teased.

"Course not! I'm just, I'm just re-arranging my panties!"

Jess needed to pee. Her bladder had filled a lot quicker than she had expected. She was getting nervous. Soph looked so composed! Sitting upright playing away on the PlayStation!

Soph only looked composed though. By now her bladder was feeling really full. If she was this desperate normally she'd be hunting for a toilet pretty sharpish. She could feel her bladder aching and really hoped Jess was struggling. She wanted to see how bad Jess needed to pee. She leaned over and pressed Jess' tummy in a joking way. As she did she felt her own bladder spasm and she had to clamp her pee hole extra tight. Jess grabbed Sophs hand off her bladder, and put it between her legs.

"I'm so hot Soph! Feel my panties I'm getting all turned on!" She slid Soph's hand down the front of her Joggers between her legs. Soph could feel how damp Jess' panties were and it turned her on. She was imagining Jess' pussy giving up the hold and spraying pee on her hand. She was actually turned on by the idea! Strange! She was getting horny about Jess's fetish!

She slid her hand back out and licked her fingers seductively.

"You always taste sooo good Jess!"

"Damn right I do!"

Another 30 minutes passed. Soph was really struggling to maintain composure at this point. Her poor little pussy was fighting to hold back a huge bulging bladder. One false move could make her spray pee all over her panties and leggings. She had to give in and grab her self! Jess saw Soph squeeze her pussy and piped up

"Oh dear Soph! Can't your dainty little pussy keep control over your bladder. Does it need help to hold it all in?"

"No! I just wanted to touch my pussy! Your sexy feet are turning me on!"

"Rubbish. Your pee hole is quivering and you know it!" Jess grabbed Sophs hand and pushed it harder into her pussy. Soph squirmed and moved Jess' hand away.

"You know you want to pee your self!" Jess said as she struggled to maintain her own composure at this point. She was very tempted to just let her pee go so she could go down on Soph's throbbing desperate pussy! The idea was flowing through her mind and she was getting turned on by the idea.

That's when she did it. Fueled by the idea of eating a desperate Soph's pussy. She stood up and peed her self in front of Soph. No warning or anything. Soph watched in amazement as her gorgeous girlfriend totally soaked her joggers and created a huge warm puddle at her feet. Jess wiggled her feet around in the puddle, slid her joggers down and slipped her soaked feet into her fluffy slippers.

"Come with me Soph!" Jess demanded. Soph was worried. She was right on the verge of peeing her self and she knew what Jess was about to do to her!

*068*2018-10-09 20:04

{{Just now, Melificentfan said:

Damn now what is jess going to do to soph I wonder but anyway I loved that

}}

It was a bit of a steady section that was. I am doing the next bit now.

*069*2018-10-09 20:25

Soph just about had time to put her slippers on before she felt Jess grab her arm!

"Hurry Soph! I wanna eat you!"

Soph could feel her pussy twitching. The sudden movement had made her desperation increase 10 fold. Her bladder was begging for relief, and it wanted it NOW! She felt her bladder spasm, she grabbed her pussy tight.

"Quick Soph. No time for grabbing! Clamp that little pee hole tighter!"

Jess grabbed Soph's arm and pull her along. As she did Soph's hand moved away from her pussy. She felt her pee hole twitch. It really was all down to her little pussy to fight for control as she scurried along behind Jess all the way up to the bedroom!

Jess stood Soph next to the bed then ran into the bathroom to grab a huge towel. Soph used this chance to try and re-gain some composure. She focused all her energy on her pee hole and put her hand gently on her pussy. Jess came back into the room and threw the towel on the bed.

"You look SO SO cute Soph!" Jess said. She loved the way Soph was squeezing her self. "Lie on the bed hun. Get comfortable!"

Soph lay back on the bed. As she lay backward she felt her bladder stretch in her tummy and the pressure increase. She re-gripped her pussy tight. She looked as though she was beginning to sweat! Jess grabbed the chair from in front of the dresser and sat at the end of the bed. She pulled Soph's fluffy slippers off and began kissing and licking her soft beautiful soles. The whole time she watched with pleasure as Soph squirmed and fought for control of her bladder. She sucked each of Soph's delicate toes. It took her almost 10 minutes to get through the foot worship. 10 agonizing pussy gripping minutes! Soph thought.

It was then that Jess stood up. She leaned over and grabbed Soph's leggings around the waist. She began sliding them down. Soph had to let go of her pussy. Even for that brief second she felt as though she was going to wet her self. Eventually Jess pulled her leggings fully off. Next was her panties! Sliding them down Jess revealed Soph's beautiful pussy. She didn't get to see it long though! Soph clamped her hands over her beautiful pussy within seconds and had closed her legs tight together!

"Soph, I need you to focus every bit of energy on holding your pee for me now sweetie. Are you okay to do that? Pleaseeee?"

Soph nodded. Her bladder was throbbing like mad. Her and Jess had both noticed the huge bulge in her tummy. Jess gently slid her hand over it.

"Right, clamp tight hun!"

Soph focused all her energy on her pee hole muscles. She had never been so desperate! Jess grabbed her ankles and pulled her further down the bed so that her legs were now hanging over the edge and her bum was right at the edge of the bed.

"Okay Soph. I'm gonna open your legs now. I will be really gently and slow, is that okay?"

"Mmhhmmm" Soph nodded, by now she had given up speaking. She was fighting too hard to keep her pee in!

Jess placed a hand on each of Soph's knees. Then shoved them open as fast as she could. Soph squealed! She grabbed her pussy as tight as she possibly could and bit her lip in desperation!

"That wasn't so bad was it Soph?"

"You said slowly!" Soph replied in a pained sort of voice. "I nearly peed!!!"

"I'm so horny Soph. Keep holding for me baby!" Jess lifted one of Soph's gorgeous feet up. She gently stroked her pissy wet pussy up and down Soph's foot and giggled as Soph winced with desperation.

"Hurry up Jess!!"

Jess pulled the little chair back up, she put it with the back against the bed, and then sat the wrong way round on it, her legs spread wide and her face right in front of Soph's hand covered pussy.

"Take your hands away Soph"

"I don't think I can!"

"Go on hun. I need to lick you! That was the deal"

Soph took on hand away. And then very slowly the other. Her legs still open quite wide and her thighs shaking with desperation. Her breathing was heavy and Jess knew she was close to wetting.

"That isn't so bad is it?" Jess teased.

"Quickly Jess!" Was all Soph could get out.

Jess just sat for what felt like forever. She stared at her girlfriends throbbing pussy, watching as her delicate pee hole twitched with each re-clamp of her pussy muscles. She was loving just watching her girlfriend struggle. Jess gently placed 1 finger on Soph's quivering pee hole and gently tickled it. Soph shook and tried to re-grab her pussy with her hand. Jess blocked her hand and then as punishment gently slapped Soph's quivering pussy.

"Please Jess! please just get it over with! I'm gonna explode!"

Jess wanted Soph practically wetting her self before she even started eating her. She gently slid her finger up and down between Soph's damp little pussy lips, making sure to put pressure on both her throbbing clit and quivering pee hole each time she passed them. After a minute or so she stopped and then just watched. Sophs lips had closed back together. After about 2 minutes of watching Soph squirm she saw it! The first leak spurted out!

Jess pressed her finger onto Soph's leaking pee hole.

"Oi! Stop it!!"

"I can't Jess, I really really can't!"

Jess watched for another 15 or so seconds before another spurt escaped. She leaned in and began licking. Soph's whole body spasmed and a huge jet of pee sprayed into Jess's mouth. It tasted heavenly and Jess continued to lick as Soph continued to loose more and more control. After about 10 licks Soph was in full flow. Spraying a huge torrent of pee into Jess' mouth and all over the chair she was sitting on. Jess was eating as fast as she could, Soph was experiencing the same pleasure she had before as a horny Jess licked around her throbbing clit. She felt Jess slide her fingers up her pussy and gently massage her g-spot. Pee was still flooding out of her after 40 seconds. The puddle on the floor was huge.

She finished her pee and Jess continued. She felt the wave of pleasure overcome her and she climaxed, spraying a huge jet of pussy juice straight into Jess's mouth. Jess just sat there, with a soaking wet t-shirt and panties on. She felt so horny! Her girlfriend had peed all over her and her panties were now soaked with both her and Soph's pee. She sat and just admired Soph's now relaxed pussy. She tickled her cute wet clit and pee hole

"You did so well Soph. Your poor pussy must have been begging for relief!"

"It was! I have never felt so desperate in my life!"

"Thank you cutie!" Jess said as she continued to stare at her girlfriends beautiful, delicate, but surprisingly strong pussy!

"Can't wait to soak your feet with pee tomorrow" Soph giggled. "They're gonna be sooo pissy!"

*072*2018-10-13 16:59

It was the next morning. As Jess had lost the contest, technically even though she gave up on purpose, Soph was about to issue one of Jess' punishments. She was gonna pee in her favorite shoes and make her wear them! For 2 whole hours!

"How dirty" Soph thought to her self as she studied all of Jess' shoes. Which ones would she pick.. There were Jess' cute ballet flats, but those would dry really quickly, there were her ankle boots, but they cost a lot of money, and then there were her converse! Jess loved them as they were so comfy. Soph had seen her wearing them a couple of times without socks as well! Perfect she thought.

It was just after lunch when Soph decided to announce she was going to issue Jess' punishment. Both girls had showered around an hour before after having a lazy, cosy morning in bed together. Soph had been drinking loads all morning to fill her bladder up quick. She decided she was picking Jess' outfit and she decided they were both going for a walk! How perfect.

She came down stairs back into the living room where Jess was sat. She threw a pair of jeans, a cute t-shirt, and her converse onto her lap and told her to put them on. Jess was only wearing a pair of joggers and a baggy t-shirt at this point.

"Where are my knickers and socks Soph?"

"No knickers for you today. I want you to be naked behind your jeans for me. Oh and socks, you said loser had to wear pissy shoes, without socks"

Jess looked worried.

"Damn, I was hoping you had forgot that!"

"Nope, now get your self changed. I want to watch as you do so."

Jess stood up, she pulled her baggy old t-shirt off. As she did it revealed her perfect perky boobs. Soph wanted to kiss them and lick them, but she resisted. She then slowly slid her joggers down. Her perfect soft little pussy was revealed and Soph got all excited. She couldn't resist. She pulled Jess in close and slid her fingers across Jess' hot little pussy. Jess shivered and pulled her self in closer, she took Soph's hand and pressed it into her pussy and felt as her fingers slipped down between her soft wet lips.

"I wonder if that is pee or pussy juice Soph?"

Soph didn't care. Her girlfriend felt amazing and she wanted to play with her but she resisted and backed off. She licked her fingers clean and watched as Jess slid her feet into the legs of the jeans. She pulled them up her sexy legs, and then they slid up past her pussy hiding it from view. As she pulled them up high enough to do them up she felt the inner seam of the jeans press tight against her soft pussy lips. She did the button up and gently zipped the front up enclosing her delicate pussy behind the extremely tight fabric.

"Perfect" Said Soph "Nice and tight between your legs. Just what I wanted for a good 2 hour walk!" Soph walked up to Jess, grabbed both sides of the jeans and pull them up firmly. Jess felt the fabric tighten around her pussy and she wriggled to escape.

"2 hour walk?! With wet feet, and no panties?!" Jess sounded worried

"That won't be a problem will it cutie?" Soph replied.

"No..... No problem, just, These jeans rub me quite a bit between my legs. I will probably end up, tender, I would think"

"That's fine. I'll massage you better when we get home"

By now Jess was totally dressed apart from her converse. Soph looked at Jess' feet and admired how perfect they were. She was about to make the poor things soaking wet for 2 hours. How naughty! she thought to her self.

She took Jess' converse and put them both on the floor in front of her. She pulled her joggers off and gently lowered her self into a squat above the converse. Jess watched, Soph hadn't pulled her panties down! Was she gonna pee them for her?! Soph looked up and smiled at Jess and then released her bladder muscles. Very slowly her panties got wet, then a trickle off pee came flowing through them pouring into Jess' converse.

Jess' pussy tingled with excitement. Her girlfriend was peeing her panties again! She wasn't bothered at all that it was going in her converse! She watched as Soph continued to pee. The shoes became more and more soaked and pee started pouring out the little holes on the sides of her shoes.

Soph stopped after she had soaked the first shoe and then changed position to fill the other. The wetness of her panties felt great. She told Jess to sit down and watched as she did. Staring into her eyes as she emptied her bladder through her panties into Jess' converse.

Jess settled onto the sofa. Once Soph had finished soaking both Jess' shoes she stood up and walked over to Jess.

"Lift your leg up and point your sexy toes Jess"

Jess did as she was told. She stretched her sexy leg out in front of her and tilted her soft delicate foot forward. Soph straddled it and gently lifted it up until the top of her foot pressed against her wet panties. She then proceeded to gently slide her pissy pussy up and down Jess' beautiful feet one at a time, wetting them with hot pee.

She then slid Jess' shoes towards her and told her to put them on. Gently Jess slid her feet into her shoes. She felt the hot pee around her beautiful toes, then as she slid them in fully she felt the hot wet fabric of the sole squish against her soft soles. This was going to be one dirty walk!

Soph was getting more excited by the minute. Jess was stood in front of her, soaking wet little feet in her shoes. She was stood there with wet panties between her legs clinging to her now cooling pussy. She pulled a pair of leggings on, and a leather skirt and then announced to Jess it was time for their walk. Soph walked to the front door and slid her bare feet into Jess' ankle boots. She loved wearing Jess' sexy shoes and making her feet all sweaty in them. It annoyed Jess and she loved that.

The girls headed out the door, Soph's feet all lovely and snug in Jess' boots, her pissy pussy tingling between her legs and Jess' feet splashing around in soaking wet converse. Soph was loving today already!

*074*2018-10-14 16:23

Jess had picked a lovely quiet walk to go on. It was down a nice little lane, then into a wildlife park that she had spent a lot of her childhood in. She knew it would be fairly quiet where they went as she knew a lot of the quieter less walked gravel path ways.

All the way down the lane Jess was complaining

"I can't believe you have made me do this Soph! My feet are squishing about and my shoes are ruined!"

"You deserve it! Your little pussy let you down the other day and this is your punishment! I bet those gorgeous little toes of yours feel so lovely and warm!"

"It feels weird Soph!"

Soph watched Jess' feet as she walked. She noticed little droplets of her warm pee splashing out the holes in the side of the converse and leaving a little trail on the dry concrete country road.

"My little pussy feels so nice though Jess! I can't wait for you to lick it clean"

Jess felt her clit tingle instantly. She had been so distracted by her soaked little feet that she had forgotten her girlfriend was walking along behind her with pissy panties pressed tight against her stinky pussy! She couldn't wait to get her home and enjoy eating her clean!

It was 30 minutes into their walk. Soph had lead Jess down various little pathways into the forest and had found a little park bench that she used to visit when she was younger.

"How are your delicate little feet doing Jessie?" Teased Soph

"Feels like I have been stomping around in puddles in the rain!"

"Can't wait to worship them!" She kissed Jess on the lips.

Jess looked a bit uncomfortable. She looked around and then grabbed her self between her legs.

"I have to pee Soph"

"Seriously?! You have to pee? We have only been out the house 30 minutes!"

"I didn't pee before we left! I already needed to go but you wanted to hurry me out, can I pee here? Do many people come this way?"

"Rarely. I doubt anyone will. You can pee if you want hun" Soph smiled at her gorgeous desperate girlfriend. She didn't mind her being naughty if she wanted to.

"Okay, Keep watch for anyone coming!"

Soph stood guard as Jess squatted down behind her, hidden slightly out of view by the bench and a bush. She slid her Jeans down exposing her naked delicate pussy.

As soon has she had reached her squat position her bladder released. The relief felt amazing. Soph could hear the powerful hissing coming from behind her but she kept watch as she had been told to.

"Jess stop!!! Stop! Someone's coming!"

Jess frantically tried to stop peeing. She clenched her pee hole muscles as hard as she could but it didn't want to stop! It was hurting to tense so hard!

"Quick Jess!!!"

She grabbed her naked pussy hard, the pee carried on pouring through between her fingers.

"Soph I can't stop!"

"Just stop Jess! Quickly!"

Jess slid her fingers between her lips and pressed hard on her pee hole whilst clenching her muscles as hard as she could. Somehow she managed to stop the flow! As soon as she had she whipped her jeans back up and pulled them up tight. She could feel her aching pee hole twitching trying to control any more potential leaks. It was physically painful to be in this situation as she had over tensed her muscles. She inspected her jeans. There was a tiny dark patch where they had pulled up tight against her pissy pussy.

She was still barely containing her bladder when she heard Soph.

"False alarm no ones coming!"

Instantly Jess dropped back into the squat position, she couldn't get her jeans down in time. She felt her pee hole spasm and instantly a jet of hot pee sprayed out of her and soaked her jeans. She fumbled around trying to undo her jeans but in the position she was in they were pulled so tight she couldn't get her button undone. Soph could hear the hissing of Jess peeing behind her. She turned round to have a look and noticed that her naughty girlfriend was peeing her self!

"OMG Jess! Do you have no control over your bladder?!" she said teasingly.

"I couldn't get them down Soph!" Jess was blushing like crazy. Her face was bright red. "We will have to go home Soph! I can't get seen with a wet patch on my jeans!"

Soph took her jacket off and threw it to Jess.

"Wrap this round you, it'll cover you from the back, I'll walk in front of you. You're not getting away with less than 2 hours of stomping around in those pissy shoes baby! Besides, I haven't got your little ankle booties all sweaty yet! My cute little feet are only just getting warm"

Damn Soph was annoying. She was now walking along, her feet soaked in her girlfriends pee, her pussy being rubbed against by pee soaked jeans, and her favorite boots getting all hot and sweaty with her girlfriends sexy bare feet in them! Soph knows how to do punishments she though to her self.

*075*2018-10-14 18:59

The girls walked for another 30 minutes. The whole time Jess' pussy was being rubbed and tickled by her pee soaked jeans. She had to keep re-arranging her jeans so her pussy wasn't pressed so tightly against the cooling pissy fabric. Her delicate feet still squishing with every step.

Soph's pussy was tingling as well, she had hot sweaty little feet in her girlfriends fave boots and she had a pair of pissy panties clinging tightly against her wet little pussy lips.

"Can we go home yet Soph? My feet are starting to cool down now and"

Soph was getting bored of Jess moaning.

"Nope! 2 hours I said"

"Pleeeeease?"

"Nope, if you want we can trade shoes. That'll warm your little feet up."

"My boots will get pissy"

"It's up to you Jess. We can trade if you like. Just imagine how warm your little feet will be! And you can wind me up about me having pissy feet too!"

Jess puzzled over the idea for a couple of minutes.

"Okay lets swap. My cute little feet have had enough of these pissy converse!"

Soph lead Jess to another park bench. She looked around to make sure no one was about and they both sat down. Jess watched as Soph slowly unzipped her own boots. She hurriedly undid the laces on her converse and slid one of her wet feet out of her converse. Soph slipped her gorgeous foot out of Jess's boots and then handed it to Jess. She watched as Jess slid her glistening wet little foot into the boot she had just taken off.

"Bloody hell your feet are warm Soph!" Jess instantly felt her cute toes warm up. It felt heavenly.

Soph slid her foot slowly into the pissy converse. They felt cold and clammy but she wasn't bothered at all. At the end of the day she was just thinking about Jess' gorgeous pissy feet that were now snug and warm in the little ankle booties that she had gotten all hot and sweaty. They both switched the second shoes and headed on their walk.

Soph started jumping around as if jumping in puddles.

"These feel really good Jess! Don't know what your problem was with them! It reminds me of being a kid running around jumping in puddles"

"Yeah slightly warm pissy puddles? Not for me cutie pie!" Jess replied.

They began their walk home. Another hour or so of walking. Jess being rubbed by her damp pissy jeans with her hot wet little feet in her favorite boots, and Soph stomping along with wet little feet and a pissy clingy pair of panties.

Both girls were feeling horny as hell and wanted some good fun when they got home!

