Working It Out

Author: JackFrost16

*000*2020-10-27 23:25

The bright sun shone above Cassidy as she pulled into a parking spot. Her new Honda was an 18th birthday present from her parents, and she had treated it well over the year it had been her's. Cassidy locked the car after grabbing her water bottle and stepping out. She was dressed in a salmon athletic top with matching leggings. Taking a sip from her bottle, she headed toward the large grey building that housed her local gym. Cassidy was very conscious of how she looked. Four years of high school could do that to a person. She had been coming to this gym specifically for about a year and a half, and knew every inch of it.

She pulled open the door and was greeted by the scent of disinfectant. It wasn't the best aroma, but it could definitely be worse. Stretching out her leg muscles Cassidy walked to the bathroom. It was a habit of hers to use the restroom before engaging in any physical activity. She had seen too many videos online of women wetting themselves while lifting or doing something of the sort. Cassidy did not want to become the next viral sensation.

Entering the locker room that housed the toilets, Cassidy noticed a big yellow wet floor sign. She peered around the corner to see that the floor of the bathroom was almost totally flooded. A staff member was struggling to try to mop the sopping floor, with little success.

"Sorry, we've had a leak." said the staff person. "A pipe burst".

"Oh! No problem!" Cassidy said cheerfully. She was only slightly concerned as she didn't really have to go anyway. It was more of a precaution than anything. Exiting the locker room, Cassidy headed into the main gym area to begin her work out.

###

Alison looked behind her to see a girl dressed in all pink exiting the bathroom biting her lip. It wasn't the first time she had seen someone exiting the flooded bathroom looking concerned. Thinking back, Alison counted three other girls that had been turned away from the bathroom. Alison herself hadn't been inside, but still knew that there was no way that the restrooms would be fit for use until tomorrow at the earliest.

Stepping off of the treadmill she had been using, Alison wiped her brow and took a big drink of water. She was perspiring heavily and was thankful for her choice of gray gym shorts over the leggings that she was originally going to wear. Alison took a quick break, scanning the complex. She pulled a strand of her long brown hair from her eyes as she looked around.

She quickly was able to spot the other three girls she had seen attempt to enter the bathroom earlier. Two of them stood side by side next to a weight rack. One was taller than the other and had blond hair that flowed down her back in waves. She wore grey leggings that complemented her toned lower body. Her top looked to bear the logo of some college Alison had never heard of. It was bright red with a dragon on the back.

The shorter of the two stood next to the tall blond. Her black hair matched the leggings she was wearing. Her hair was shorter, but still longer than Alison's which sat about mid way down her back. The girl's hair was pulled up into a ponytail in an attempt to keep it out of her eyes. As the two girls chatted, Alison couldn't help but notice the tall one shifting around frequently. She glanced back at the locker room before turning around once again.

The third girl took Alison a little longer to find. She was in the corner of the gym using the leg press machine. Her face was facing Alison and she could clearly see the effort the girl was putting into her exercise. The effort had obviously paid off. As the girl stood up Alison could see that she was gorgeous. She had a supermodel body, and her dirty blond hair looked silky smooth. She had a tan complexion, and walked with a rare confidence. Alison could see no signs of desperation from the girl, even though she had been there the longest.

Her rest up, Alison turned back to the treadmill. She turned the machine on and began to run.

###

Skyla looked down at her green leggings and forced her thighs to stop shaking. She had just finished up with the leg press and was about to move on, but the moment she stood up she had felt a drop of pee hit her underwear. Skyla had needed to pee for what had felt like forever. She had arrived at the gym almost an hour ago and had needed to go then. She tried not to let the desperation show, but she was having a harder time keeping the worried expression of her face as time went on.

She pulled back her dirty blond hair into a ponytail and took a look at herself in the mirror. She smiled. Skyla's body was her temple. She had been working out for years, and it showed. Her tan skin was damp with sweat, but she still was satisfied with her appearance. An ache from her bladder brought her back to the problem at hand. Skyla didn't have many options; she could continue her workout like nothing was wrong but she didn't know how long she could keep up the facade.

The other option was to leave and go home. Skyla lived about ten miles from the gym, but felt that the drive was worth it. Skyla fought with her indecision before she finally decided on a course of action. She would stay at the gym for now. If things got really bad, she could always go home then. Smiling, Skyla walked down the row of exercise equipment and found her next machine. On the way there she noticed two girls standing by a weight rack. Maybe it was just because she was dealing with her own bodily struggles, but Skyla swore that the taller of the two had to pee also. Shrugging, Skyla sat down determined to hold on for as long as possible.

###

Jasmine was in trouble. She didn't know what to do. She desperately needed to pee, and there were no available places to do so. Her friend Angela looked at her sympathetically. Jasmine and Angela had been friends for a while now. They liked to spend time together whether at school, home, or the gym. Jasmine had made Angela well aware of her current predicament. It was not the first time one or both of them had been on the verge of an accident while they were in each other's company. Her grey leggings would do nothing to hide an accident if worse came to worst.

Jasmine felt a leak hit the lining of her panties. She stood up straight as a board, dropping the weight she was holding. It made a metallic clang as it hit the floor, and Jasmine looked around sheepishly. Nobody had seemed to notice. Looking urgently at Angela, Jasmine grabbed her arm and started dragging her away from the rack.

"Where are we going?" asked Angela in alarm.

"We're going to my car and then I'm driving home so I can use the bathroom" came Jasmine's reply.

"That bad huh?" Her concerned friend asked. Jasmine responded with a curt nod, and Angela followed with no further protest. Truth be told, Angla also had to use the restroom, and would not complain about finding relief as soon as possible. The two girls walked briskly to Jasmine's car. there they paused for only a brief moment for Jasmine to pull the keys out of her pocket and unlock the doors.

"Can you drive?" Jasmine asked." I kinda have other things to worry about".

"Of course" said Angela as she hopped in the car. She hadn't realized her friend's need was so dire. She started to wonder if they would make it home in time for Jasmine to end the day with dry pants. Angela quickly put the car in drive and pulled out of the parking lot into the road. She drove down the street going just over the speed limit before hitting the highway. There she pushed the pedal down farther and began the nad dash toward home. After about ten minutes of silent travel, Jasmine let out a small gasp from the passenger's seat. She had leaked again. A small stain about the size of a grape had appeared on her leggings. It was now or never. She was on the verge of a full scale accident.

"Pull over!" She shouted.

"What?" came Angela's confused reply.

"Pull over I'm about to pee myself!" Jasmine shouted. Quickly, Anglea looked for a secluded area to pull over. They had just gotten off the highway and were rapidly approaching residential area. Scanning her surroundings Angela found a promising spot. she leaned into a sharp right turn and pulled into an empty parking lot. An abandoned shopping mall sat on the far side of the lot, its windows dark. Jasmine held on for dear life. She felt her bladder loosen and knew it was almost the end.

The car hit a bump and she began to lose it. A small trickle of pee began spilling out of her overfilled bladder. The car stopped a moment later. Jasmine fumbled with the door handle, her pants slowly getting wetter. She finally wrenched open the door and nearly threw herself from the car. Angekla could see a dark stain forming on the rear of Jasmine’s pants as she stumbled out of the car. Now peeing full force Jasmine attempted to pull her pants down as fast as possible. After a few perilous seconds, she managed to get undressed. Squatting low to the pavement she emptied the remaining contents of her bladder onto the pavement below.

As her stream finally died down Jasmine looked around to survey the damage. A large puddle had formed under her feet, and the edges of her shoes were damp with pee. Blushing she stood up. As she pulled up her pants she grimaced. She had not been spared by the pit stop. She could feel that her ass was almost completely soaked, and there were streaks a few inches long traveling down the inside of her thighs. It would be clear to anyone that she had had an accident. Jasmine groaned it wasn't the first time, adn probably wouldn't be the last.

Meanwhile in the car Angela was squirming in her seat. she had not meant to look, but watching Jasmine was like a car accident, you just couldn't look. away. It had done her bladder no favors however. her need had increased tenfold from watching Jasmine, and she was now on the verge of an accident herself. Jasmine climbed back into the car.

"You okay Angie?"

"Not really. Let's just say you might not be the only one to pee yourself today".

They continued their drive insilence. The girls were only a block away from Jasmine's house when disaster struck. They hit a red light. Angela's hands shot to the crotch of her black leggings as she shifted back and forth. Her bladder yearned for relief and Angela was half willing to give it. Why not? she thought. It's not like Jasmine could judge me for it. This moment's indecision was enough to send Angela over the edge and she felt the flood gates open. She squealed as she started to pee.

The crotch of her leggings grew warm in an instant. She was frozen in place as she helplessly peed into her underwear. She felt the warm liquid begint to travel down in the seat, pooling around her rear. Two streams began to fall off of the seat onto the floor of the car. An audible hiss filled the air as Angela emptied her bursting bladder. She felt drained, both mentaly and physically. She sat at the light for a few seconds longer before Jasmine told her it was green. The girls slowly pulled into Jasmine's driveway.

"I'm sorry about making a mess in your car" Angela said quietly.

"Don't worry about it. If it wasn't for you I would have done the same."

The two girls smiled and looked at each other before heading inside to get cleaned up and changed.

###

Back at the gym, Cassidy and Skyla were both in similar situations. Skyla has reached her breaking point and if it wasn’t for her stubbornness she would have left already. She had been telling herself that she could wait until she was done with her workout to go. This montra was coming closer and closer to being false every minute. She could see her bulging bladder through the waistband of her green leggings. Her desperation was reaching a limit, and her bladder would empty itself soon, whether Skyla wanted it to or not.

Across the gym, unaware of Skyla’s predicament, Cassidy was facing the same problem. Her need to pee had also grown exponentially. She had thrown herself into her workout In an attempt to put the need out of her mind.

Although this approach had worked for a while, it was not as effective anymore. Cassidy felt as if she were about to explode. She had already emptied her water bottle earlier without thinking of the consequences. Now she was paying the price.

Just a little more she thought. After this set I’ll go home and use the bathroom. Having made a mental pact with herself, Cassidy felt much better. She would just finish this set, and then she would be free. Turning back to the leg press machine, She got ready to start. With a grunt she heaved the heavy plate upward before letting it fall slowly down. She repeated this action a few more times, each time thinking of how close she was to relive. Cassidy’s bladder was not content to wait however. On one of her final reps, Cassidy strained with the effort of pushing the plate up and felt her hold falter.

She was in no position to prevent the upcoming accident. Cassidy was forced to stay still as a long jet of pee shot into her salmon colored leggings. Cassidy gasped and let the plate drop. She quickly shot up and inspected the damage. She was horrified to see a small wet spot on her pants. The strange part was that she didn’t feel as desperate anymore. She considered her options and decided that since she only had one rep left in the set she would finish it up and then go home. This would prove to be her fatal mistake.

As Cassidy pushed the plat up once more, her bladder gave up for good. Under the strain of the exercise, Cassidy was unable to contrail her body. Warm pee shot into her pants as she began to wet herself. She was frozen in place. As she watched her leggings turn a dark shade as urine splashed against her legs. In her elevated position, the pee slid down her ass, pouring in rivers off her body onto the ground. The seat of the machine was soaked, and the floor was forming a puddle. Acting mostly on instinct. Cassidy shot to her feet still peeing, and sprinted as fast as she could in the direction of the door, Tears clouded her vision as she ran out into the parking lot. She could still feel the excess pee running down the inside of her thighs. Without a second’s hesitation, Cassidy hopped in the driver's seat and speed off towards her house. Her worst dream had been realized. She vowed that there was no way she would ever go back to that gym as long as she lived.

###

Skyla stares In horror at Cassidy’s back as she sprinted out of the gym. She had just seen a grown woman wet her pants. She was astonished, and with several patrons, stood staring in the vague direction of the accident. Skyla suddenly realized that she should take this incident as a warning. She could end up just like that if she wasn’t careful. Quickly, Skyla grabbed her bag and headed to the door. She grabbed the handle and left. Breathing a sigh of relief, Skyla looked around for her car.

Suddenly, she realized that she didn’t drive to the gym. She had taken the bus. Groaning, Skyla raced around the corner to the bus stop. She was just in time to see the bus pull into the street and drive away. She ran to the stop and looked at the sign. It said the buses are 30 minutes apart. This news was nearly too much for Skyla. She felt her bladder spasm and her hands shot in between her legs in an attempt to stop any potential leaks. Skyla composed herself and sat down on a bench next to the bus stop. She was okay, she thought. I can wait 30 minutes. I’ll be fine.

Fifteen minutes had passed and Skyla was certainly not fine. She was bouncing up and down constantly. Her hands were permanently lodged in between her thighs. She was minutes maybe seconds away from an accident. After another five minutes of waiting the inevitable came to pass. It started with a small leak. A second long stream of pee turned into something more. Every ten seconds more urine flooded Skyla’s leggings. Eventually Skyla gave in. She leaned her head back and let go. Warm liquid rushed into her green leggings. She stood up and felt the pee run down the inside of her thighs. It wound around her legs hitting the back of her calves before pooling on the ground. Skyla let out a moan of relief and let the warm sensation take her away.

When Skyla finally stopped peeing, the entirety of her legs were soaked. She looked down to see that most of her olive green leggings had turned a few shades darker. It was the first time Skyla had ever wet herself. She felt strange. She was both shameful and relieved at the same time. Before Skyla had a chance to really dive into her feelings she saw the bus pull around the corner. She grimaced as she thought of all the people that would bear witness to her accident. Quickly she darted to the back and sat down hoping that she had remained unseen. Skyla settled back into her seat and waited until the bus began to move. It felt like no time before the bus had reached her stop. Gingerly, she stood before walking briskly off the vehicle. She walked for about another block before coming to her house. She let herself in with the key in her bag. And went straight to the bathroom. She definitely needed a shower, and then a nap. She had had a long day

###

Alison had now seen all of the girls leave the building with various stages of dry pants. She could only imagine what had happened outside. She assumed that there had been more than a few accidents. It was now her time to go home. She packed up her bag, said goodbye to the staff, and left. Alison hopped into her card and drove home.

On the way there she felt a familiar sensation in her lower body. She smiled. Ever since Alison was in high school, she had loved the feel of wetting her pants. There was nothing like the warmth of the pee running down her legs. It was one of her favorite activities. Seeing three desperate girls and even one accident. It was almost more than she could take. As soon as she pulled into her driveway, Alison jumped out of her car. She nearly ran into the house in her excitement. She sprinted upstairs and dove onto her bed. Sitting up on her knees Alison began to release.

The pee poured out of her bladder, quickly soaking the crotch of her grey shorts. A stain formed in no time at all and soon a stream was pouring onto her bed. Her thighs were soaked as rivers of warmth ran down her legs coalescing in a single puddle on her bed located directly under her legs. Alison was In ecstasy. She felt incredible. After her stream died down she collapsed onto her mattress. After taking a few minutes to cool off, she got up and took off her soiled clothes. Moving into the laundry room, she dropped them into a hamper. After taking a hot shower, she collapsed back onto the bed and was instantly on the verge of sleep. She couldn’t wait to do it again tomorrow.

