Short Little Stories

Author: Jimmy Olsen

*000*2026-01-20 13:28

I'm starting a new thread for very short stories, flash fiction, microfiction, drabbles, yadda yadda. The traditional format is 280 characters however some are half or twice that length. All are welcome to participate.

Dream Sequence

She needed a toilet badly but they were covered with spikes. Her male coworkers pissed without care. She knew she was dreaming but was powerless. She went back to stocking shelves. After an hour the scene changed. She was slow-dancing with her boyfriend. Her evening dress aggravated her bladder worse than her work clothes. There was no ladies' room so they went to the men's room together. The toilets had spinning blades but the urinals were normal. They kissed while he pissed. She was in extreme pain. She wished she could wake up or at least wet the bed.

Slumber Party

"The clothes and makeup aren't enough. For you to be one of us we have to use the bathroom like galpals. Otherwise you're just a boy we caught peeping." "Together? How?" "It's so simple even a boy could understand. You sit and go tinkle. Hope you're smart enough to keep your dress and panties dry. I stand in front of the sink adjusting my hair and makeup. We chat. When you're done we switch places. Don't forget to wipe your meow-meow." "You're all nuts." "Last chance." "What if I can't go with a girl in the room?" "Then you'll have to hold it all night."

Sci-Fi Setting

Earth's surface was an unusual place for a date but she was excited by his eccentric choice. It was scarier and dirtier than she pictured. Kissing by a real waterfall was thrilling but reminded her she needed a toilet. He wanted to stay a while and suggested they get rid of waste like their ancestors. She found that revolting but agreed once he opened the kit with skin cleaners and a urine funnel. Urinating against a wild tree was an invigorating experience. She heard her boyfriend's stream in the distance and wanted them to stand side by side next time.

Fantasy Setting

An armed man stopped a pair fleeing the besieged castle. "Who are you?" The boy disguised as a girl let the girl answer. "My sister and I are but humble maidservants." "That looks a little like a boy. An heir perhaps." "We must answer nature's call so you may see proof of our sex." The boy followed the girl's lead. He held the hem carefully to hide what was hanging down. The wind lifted both dresses yet the mercenary left thinking they were girls. The youth could feel he was a boy but his eyes disagreed. "How?" "Fairy glamour can do many amazing things."

*002*2026-01-21 12:47

{{7 hours ago, Nike said:

Thank you, these are great

}}

Thanks! I hope other people add to this.

*008*2026-02-13 02:49

{{On 1/22/2026 at 12:44 PM, Bangarang said:

I really loved the previous thread you had going for short stories, so I’m very glad to see another!

}}

Thanks, but I didn't start the original thread.
