Pool Party (League of Legends)

Author: JackFrost16

*000*2020-05-08 16:34

This story takes place in the Pool Party alternate universe, and as such will be referring to those skins.

###

Caitlyn was super exited. It was finally the day of the pool party! She couldn't wait to go have fun. First though she had to decide what to wear. Hmm. This one looks good. She picked up a purple bikini and tried it on. Fits like a charm. She slid the bikini on and headed out of her house, stopping at the bathroom first. It was going to be a good day.

Similarly, Sarah Fortune was feeling the same way. She was also very happy to be going to the pool party. Coming from Bilgewater, she had lots of experience in the water. She loved to swim and lounge by the pool. As she walked toward the pool in her blue and white two piece, she felt a small ache in her lower stomach. She had forgotten to use the restroom when she left her house. It was alright though. I'll just go when I get to the pool, she thought.

###

Caitlyn and Miss Fortune ran into each other just outside the pool.

"Hey Sarah!" said Caitlyn.

"Hi Caitlyn!" Sarah replied. "You exited?"

"Of course!" Caitlyn said. "This is going to be so much fun!"

As the two walked into the pool area, they saw their other friends, Fiora and Leona, lounging by the pool side. After a quick round of hellos, Sarah excused herself to go use the restroom.

"Sorry Sarah" Fiora said. "The bathrooms are closed. I already tried,".

"Thats ok" said Sarah "I can wait."

###

As the four talked by the pool side, Leona who was wearing a yellow sun dress over a bikini, pressed her legs together. She was also feeling the need to pee, Much worse than Sarah. She knew that she could always pee in the pool, but the hassle of taking off her dress first was deterring her. She would wait for now and only use the pool if absolutely necessary.

Fiora also had to use the restroom, quite desperately. She had gotten to the pool an hour before anyone else and, with the lack of open toilets she had been forced to hold it. From the outside though you could never tell something was wrong. Fiora had always been very calm, and as such was able to keep a tight hold on her need.

The problem however, was that Fiora, unlike Leona, was never going to pee in a public pool. She thought that peeing anywhere that wasn't a toilet was revolting. This opinion had led to some close calls in the past, but nothing like a full accident. The party had just started however, and Fiora was prepared to hold it the whole time.

###

About two hours later, the party was still in full swing. The girls had drinking about two full bottles of water each due to the hot day, and now even Caitlyn was feeling the urge to relive herself. The girls continued to chat but Caitlyn looked around the pool nervously. She had always had trouble holding her bladder, and had needed to be creative about her relief on multiple occasions.

She knew that one the need arouse it wasn't long until she was desperate. Of course the pool was the obvious place to go, but Caitlyn knew that if she just stepped in to relive herself and got right out, someone wight know. Caitlyn was bladder shy, and hated to admit that she need a bathroom. She would try to hold it but if worse came to worst, it was nice to know she had a backup.

The girls continued to chat, but each of them was also thinking about their bladder troubles. Sarah had it the worst and was done feeling uncomfortable. She wasn't too desperate but she just didn't want to hold it anymore.

"I'm gonna get in the pool" Sarah said as she stood up.

"Good idea!" said Leona. She was also feeling desperate, and taking her dress off was now just an afterthought. Just as the girls got up a voice boomed across the pool,

"Everyone out of the water! Dr.Mundo spilled some chemicals!" This was the lifeguard, Tarik. Everyone sighed and got out. Sarah and Leona sat back down. Leona crossed her legs and prepared to hold her bladder for a long time.

###

All four of the girls were now very worried. They all were in need of a restroom, and there wasn't one near.

"Guys I really gotta pee" said Leona with a grimace on her face.

"Me too" Echoed Sarah. Those two were by far the worst off.

"I think we all have to go" said Fiora. Caitlyn agreed soon after. All the girls had their legs crossed. They continued to talk, if only to take their minds off their desperation. The pool stood open and empty as if taunting them. In the bottom, a small glass vial could be seen with a cloud of purple bubbling around it.

Suddenly Leona stood straight up. Her face was white and her hands fisted.

"I need to find a bathroom now" she said. She had just felt a first leak hit her bikini.

"Okay Caitlyn said. "Let's go". She had also leaked a little and din't know how long she could hold it. The two girls stood up and left the pool, uttering assurances that they would be back. Sarah and Fiora were left to wonder if their friends would be okay.

###

Leona and Caitlyn walked quickly down the street. They were looking for anywhere they could use as a bathroom. Leona whimpered and shoved her hands into her crotch.

"I can't hold it much longer" she gasped.

"Me neither" Caitlyn replied.

After about ten minutes of frantic looking, the two girls took a break to catch their breath. they stood in a lovely park.

" I'm just going to find a bus" Leona said.

"What!" Caitlyn said blushing. " You can't do that!"

"Why not?" replied Leona.

"There are people around" Caitlyn whispered. There were about five people wandering in the park, strolling the paths, and walking dogs.

" I don't care" Leona said under her breath. " It's either this or I wet my pants."

Leona pulled Caitlyn onto a side path, and with a look around squatted down behind a bush. Caitlyn stood transfixed as Leona pulled her dress up and her bikini bottom down. Caitlyn heard a faint hiss after a second of waiting and blushed even harder. Only a second or two into Leona's release, a man started walking down the path. Leona saw him and froze. She quickly pulled her bikini up and her dress down as she stood.

Leona clenched her bladder as hard as she could but it was no use. As the man walked past, Leona bladder gave way, and she started to pee into her pants. Her bikini was instantly saturated, and the urine she had tried so hard to hold ran down her legs. Leona gave up, and let the piss run out of her body as she completely wet herself. After a full minute of intense peeing. she looked down to inspect the damage.

From the front nothing was visible, but from behind a small wet patch could be seen on Leona's dress. She grimaced as she felt her soaked bikini touch her thigh. Hopefully nobody would notice.

###

Caitlyn was shocked. She has just washed her friend completely piss her self. This didn't help her own need though.Watching that little display had pushed Caitlyn's bladder to the breaking point. As Leona was lamenting her accident, Caitlyn squatted down behind the same bush. leona stepped away puzzled at this sudden change in attitude, as Caitlyn pulled her bikini to the side. She sighed and closed her eyes.

But nothing would come out. Caitlyn's eyes opened and she whispered to Leona.

" I can't do it".

What do you mean you can't do it?" came Leona's response.

It won't come out said" Caitlyn. After another couple seconds of waiting, Caitlyn stood up.

"Come on" she said, grabbing Leona's arm. " I can't go unless I'm on a toilet".

After about ten more minutes of searching, Caitlyn knew there was no hope. She desperately looked around, but it was too late.

"Shit, shit, shit!" Caitlyn exclaimed. Leona turned around. As leona looked on, Caitlyn lost control. Her bladder emptied and a dark stain shot across her bikini, and a stream of urine poured out beneath her legs. Even as she felt the piss on her tan legs. Caitlyn couldn't believe it. I'm peeing myself she thought. How could this happen?

After about of minute, the girls looked at each other, and started to walk back toward the pool. They had both peed their pants for the first time in years.

###

Sarah and Fiora saw the two other girl walk back into the pool with dejected looks on their faces.

"Uh oh" Firoa said. The two girls sat down and told the others of their accidents. Fiora was sympathetic and tried to console the two. Sarah on the other hand, was not. The absurdity of the situation was too much for her. She began to laugh. She kept laughing until their were tears in her eyes. All the while, Shara knew that her fit of laughter would not end well. As soon as she started to laugh, her shaky control on her own bladder started to waver.

Shara tried her hardest to contain her self, but she knew that she was fighting a losing battle. He bladder slowly started to release and after a few dribbles, she was pissing herself full force. She was sitting down, and because of this her pee started to pool around her sizable ass. her thighs were soaked, and as she continued to giggle, her mess dripped of the chair she was sitting in and created a puddle beneath her.

By the time Sarah finished laughing, she had well and truly wet herself. All of her friends were smirking at her as she blushed. She stood up to inspect the damage and saw that the crotch area of her swimsuit was a dark navy. Her ass and back had met the same fate.

"You deserved that" Caitlyn said with a smirk.

###

As the girls eased back into normal conversation, they seemed to have forgotten about Fiora's need. Fiora herself, hadn't. even though she was calm on the outside, her mind was racing. She had been leaking continuously since Caitlyn and Leona had left, and was already on her way to joining her friends in their accidents. A small dark spot could be seen on Fiora's pink pool shorts, but her crossed legs hid it well.

As another leak slipped out, Fiora knew she had to take action. I'll just let out a little bit. she thought. Fiora slowly loosened her hold on her bladder in the attempt the lighten the pressure. A soon as this happened she started to urinate. After two seconds of all out pissing, Fiora was able to stop the flow. She looked down and cursed, Her shorts were soaked around her crotch and she could feel that her butt was wet as well.

In addition, this didn't make holding easier at all. In fact she had to pee even more. I have to get out she thought.

"I'm getting a little tired" she said. " I might head home."

The girls murmured their goodbyes and Fiora stood up to leave.

"Oh my God Fiora!" Sarah shouted."You peed yourself too!"

Fiora had forgotten about the huge stain on he shorts. She tried to mumble explanations, but the girls weren't hearing it.

"How could you not tell us?" Leona said.

Fiona tried to mumble some other excuse, but her bladder decided that that was the moment to release. Fiora's mouth opened in shock as the pee rushed out of her, quickly staining her shorts. Their pink material turned a dark red as her urine streamed down her legs, pooling on the ground. Fiora was stunned. This was the first time she had ever wet herself. She didn't know what to do. In a trance Fiora said goodbye and walked away as the other girl continued to laugh.

She grimaced as her wet shorts rubbed against her legs. As soon a she got home she jumped into the shower. It had been a long day.

*003*2020-05-10 16:35

{{18 hours ago, Melificentfan said:

What a very enjoyable read that was

}}

Thanks for the feedback!

