Urgent Needs, a Beastars Fanfic - Male Omorashi

Author: joemike

*000*2020-04-30 04:34

SPOILER ALERT!!! The following story takes place between chapters 122 and 123:

I had always been cautious about my relationship with Haru. Even after I saved her life from the Shishigumi, I knew we couldn’t just become an item without obstacles getting in the way. With my lack of money and my status as a Predatory Offender, I wasn’t sure if reality would let us go any further. I knew I wanted to spend the rest of my life with her, but my path towards that goal seemed hazy. Our unexpected “date” at the Back Alley Market had…let’s just say “mixed results,” and I wanted to make it up to her. With that being said, an embarrassing incident the very next day made things even more complicated.

It started off as any ordinary morning. I woke up at the usual time, to the usual sound of the Condo getting ready for the day ahead. The bathroom was crowded, as it usually was at this time, and the distinct sounds of electric toothbrushes and toilets flushing seemed to echo through the hallway. After a few minutes of laying in bed with my thoughts, I arose from the bottom bunk to start my morning routine.

I stretched out my arms, my joints lightly popping as I loosened myself up after eight hours of sleep. Afterwards, I reached over to the side of my bed and picked up the glass with my dentures floating inside. I swear, I could never get used to the fact that an 18-year-old wolf like me wore dentures like an old geriatric. I then walked over to the counter and grasped my small, plastic box of toiletries. It was a small, translucent box with different slots for my denture brush, mouthwash, toothpaste, and toothbrush. With the glass in my left hand and the toiletries in my other, I lumbered half-awake to the bathroom down the hall, wearing nothing but my underwear and a large, white t-shirt.

On my way to the bathroom, several Hidden Condo residents greeted me with scattered calls of “Morning Legoshi!”

“Morning,” I said as my eyes adjusted to the hallway’s fluorescent lights. Within a few moments, I approached the communal restroom’s door and made my way inside. The bathroom was a decent size, at least big enough for the number of people on my floor. There usually wasn’t a line unless one of the bathrooms was out of order.

Several residents stood in front of the sinks freshening up. Ebisu was polishing his beak, Bogue was brushing his fur, and Zaguān was brushing his teeth. Zaguan was one of my closer friends at the apartment, so I took the sink next to him, placing my dentures and toiletries on the shelf under the mirror.

“Morning Legosi!” said Zaguān through a mouthful of minty foam.

“Morning Thaguān,” I said in a muffled, toothless voice as I turned on the faucet. With that, I pushed a dollop of toothpaste onto my toothbrush and began my morning refreshment routine. Though I didn’t have teeth, I still felt it necessary to use the toothbrush to clean my tongue and gums. The bristles weren’t hard, so it is a lot less painful than it sounds. After a quick rinse with mouthwash, I took my dentures out of the glass and put them in my mouth. I gave a few chomps into the mirror to make sure they were in all the way, and indeed they were. I admit, it was a bit of a hassle to have to carry my fangs around in a glass, but these dentures were of high quality. I made a mental note to remind myself to properly thank Gohin for them.

I studied my face in the mirror, using my claws to straighten any loose ends. I had work in just a couple hours, and I had to keep up my appearance. I literally just turned eighteen yesterday; I was an adult now, and I certainly had to groom myself like one.

With my faux-fangs in place and my morning breath on a temporary leave of absence, I made my way towards the urinal. By then, Bogue was using one of the larger ones in the corner, so I approached a medium-sized one in the middle. The sound of Bogue’s stream seemed to echo forever in the restroom as I reached down towards my fly. Thankfully I didn’t have any dirty dreams the night before, so I didn’t have to wait for it to “settle down.”

I held it in my right hand and tried to relax, but nothing came out. This was strange; I was usually full of urine in the morning. I remembered back at Cherryton Academy, I actually kept my roommates waiting to use the bathroom for a good five minutes. Durham almost peed his pants waiting for me to finish, and Jack made a joke about how I could mark every tree in the schoolyard in one go.

As a canine, the concept of “marking territory,” has become somewhat of an inside joke with us. It all traces back to an old primal instinct; one that our ancestors used to mark a place or thing as their own. Nowadays, it’s often used as a form a vandalism, and it’s naturally looked down upon by most other species (mainly herbivores). It wouldn’t be out of the ordinary for a delinquent canine to pee on someone’s property for fun, though it was very much against school policy. Canines were only allowed to urinate in designated territory rooms, amongst each other. And of course, urinating in front of a herbivore outside of a public restroom was undoubtedly taboo.

I stood confused in front of the urinal. Maybe the embarrassment from last night kept me from drinking as much as I usually do. Maybe I was just tired from the long day and went to bed without my nightly glass of water. Whatever it was, I didn’t have time to stand there and wait. The other residents might get suspicious if they see me with my hands between my legs, standing in front of the urinal but not using it for minutes on end. I may be “perverted” in some ways, but I wasn’t about to come across as some kind of voyeur who makes comments on how “big” or “small” his fellow urinators are.

After my failure to “go,” I headed back to my room and got ready for work at the udon shop. I could pee later at work; right now, my mind was on the day ahead. I had invited Haru over after work to apologize for my hesitation to kiss her the previous night. We had gotten into a bit of an argument after she asked me to kiss her, only for me to question our future together. We both knew our relationship has a few kinks to work out, but I still felt bad for last night.

After a quick shower, I got dressed in jeans and a long-sleeve sweatshirt. I packed my work uniform into my backpack and swiftly headed outside. As I made my way to the udon shop, little did I know my bladder was plotting a devious scheme. It had an ambush in mind; one that I would not soon forget.

I arrived at work around twenty minutes before my shift started. This gave me adequate time to clock in and put on my uniform. I was on waiter duty that day, so I knew I would be inside the building all day. The store was small, but certainly popular with the customers. Herbivores and carnivores of all sizes made up the clientele. Since we sold noodles, they were relatively high in carbohydrates, which gave the carnivores enough nourishment to resist their meat-eating urges. In addition to udon noodles, we also served soba, miso soup, and iced green tea.

This tea was quite popular, as it was the perfect way to wash down a hot bowl of noodles. A large, clear dispenser sat by the entrance to the kitchen. The machine constantly stirred the tea inside to keep it at an evenly refrigerated temperature. When it was busy, we usually refill the machine around four times in a single day. I would come to hate this machine by the end of my shift.

The first few hours of my shift were as uneventful as any other day. Of course, that meant I had to hear the occasional complaints of customers complaining about the size of their portions, and a couple of guests claiming they didn’t like the food after eating their whole meal. Other than that though, it was a regular old day. I had gotten more accustomed to handing bowls to herbivores, even if their hands did touch mine. I remember I had an issue with this when I started, but had grown accustomed to it over the course of a few shifts.

Over the course of my shift, I occasionally let my mind drift to that morning. If I couldn’t pee then, I should pick a good time to do so during my shift. The problem was that business started picking up after a few hours, and I took my break early since I hadn’t eaten that morning. It wasn’t until after my break that I started feeling a gradually increasing pressure in my lower body.

At first it wasn’t anything to worry about. I figured it was only about ten seconds worth of urine, and that I could hold it until the end of my shift. But it seemed like with each passing minute, the pressure inside my bladder only got more intense. The liquid ambush between my legs was slow, but was steadily building up with every bowl of udon I served.

About two hours before the end of my shift, I was able to catch a few moments to head to the restroom. The shop had only one bathroom with a toilet, a sink, an air dryer, and a baby changing station. That was unfortunate for me, as when I turned the corner from the kitchen, I saw an anteater and an antelope leaning on the wall. They were casually texting on their phones as they waited for whoever was in the bathroom to finish up. I didn’t have time to wait for them, so I went back into the kitchen to attend to a double order of miso soup.

Between orders, I would occasionally peer my head from the kitchen door to see if the coast was clear. I didn’t have a lot of time though; we were getting orders left and right, with no sign of slowing. Even worse, the constant sound of broth sloshing and pouring in the kitchen only served to taunt my growing urgency. A thunderstorm was slowly building momentum in my bladder, and it only got worse as my shift went on.

Filling the drinks was the absolute worst. The machine itself was unavoidable, constantly stirring and splashing the tea inside. This was not authentic green tea, so it had much more of a yellowish color than a green color. That machine might as well have been my bladder.

Towards the end of my shift, a walrus family ordered four extra-large drinks. One at a time, I was forced to hold the cup under the spout and press it against the release mechanism. A steady stream of tea poured into the cup, at a speed and consistency similar to that of urine. It splashed against the ice and creeped its way up the side of the cup. The sensation of needing to use the restroom caused me to sweat profusely; even more so than being in a hot kitchen. I was biting my lip and had my feet tilted inwards a bit so my thighs would press together. It was the only thing I could do to keep myself from leaking on the spot. More than anything, I wanted to unzip my pants right there and fill up that cup. I knew though that such an action would make me more than just a predatory offender.

Time seemed to be working against me, and I was checking the clock at least three times a minute to see when my shift would be over. I checked the bathroom again, but…NO! It was occupied. The hustle and bustle of the kitchen was quite loud, so I couldn’t exactly hear the toilet flush from where I was working. If I was doing deliveries, I could at least duck behind a dumpster to relieve myself. Since I was stuck inside though, it felt like there was no way out.

I swore I was repeating “Don’t pee, don’t pee, don’t pee,” so much in my head, that I almost said it out loud to a squirrel could who wanted extra peanuts on their garlic-peanut butter udon.

“Yes, can I get some extra peanuts on this, please,” said the formally dressed female squirrel with a warm smile. The “pea” in “peanuts,” struck through my groin like a bolt of lightning.

“Yes ma’am,” I said before turning to the kitchen. “Can I get don’t pe…I mean…more peanuts for this dish?!” I blushed a bit and clenched my toes, but the customer didn’t seem to notice.

After what felt like centuries of arduous urinary torture, my shift had finally ended. Even better, the line at the bathroom had dissipated! If I could get dressed fast enough, I might be able to make it there before someone else does.

In the locker room, I threw off my work uniform like it was on fire before stuffing it into my backpack and hastily putting on my street clothes. Even the simple act of sitting down to put my shoes on put pressure on my lower half, so I had to tie them up with my legs crossed. Once I was dressed, I bolted out of the locker room and headed for the bathroom. Just before I opened the door though, a distinct voice came from behind me.

“Didn’t expect to see you in a place like this,” said the voice. I turned around, and saw Louis looking right at me.

So there I was: my left hand tucked between my legs, my right hand reaching for the bathroom door, and a nervous expression on my sweaty face. What a time for Louis to show up…I was always happy to see him, but now was NOT the time to talk. As desperate as I was to relieve myself, I knew it would be rude to dart into the bathroom while Louis was talking to me. This was the first time he visited me at work, and I had been wanting to talk to him more since he visited me at the hospital.

“Still not done getting my leg out of your system?” asked Louis jokingly. I blushed hard, remembering the three liters of laxatives I was forced to take at the police station. While I was in custody, I pretty much spent two days on the toilet. I had never felt more discomfort when it came to expelling my bowels. I didn’t even get off the toilet to flush, as I didn’t want to see a single strand of Louis hair inside the bowl. In total, I must have given at least ten courtesy flushes. Needless to say, thinking about it made me quite nauseous.

“Louis!” I said in a surprised yip, “I’m glad to see you again.”

“I figured I’d stop by and see what your newfound life as a predatory offender was like,” said Louis. I appreciated his constant attempts at humor, but I didn’t like it when he brought that up.

“Yeah, I just got off work,” I said straightening myself up and looking right at Louis, “so what have you been up to?” I tried to act natural and put on a casual appearance, but my legs were unusually close together. I leaned against the wall and crossed my arms, though every inch of my being was telling me to hold onto my crotch. My teeth were clenched behind my lips and a hot wave of anxiety washed over my forehead. I could probably pass it off as sweat from a hard day’s work.

“Well,” Louis began, “I’ve been stocking up on school supplies. Pencils, paper, all that stuff…is something wrong?”

“Oh no! He noticed!” I thought to myself. As an even more massive blush made its way onto my face, I gulped and tried to think up an excuse.

“Hold that thought,” he suddenly said walking towards me, “I’m just gonna use the restroom.” With a quick strode, he opened the bathroom door and locked it behind him. I was just about ready to punch him all over again. The bastard had pulled the rug right out from underneath me. Did he think this was funny?

I stood there with my jaw dropped, listening in horror as the sound of Louis urinating seeped through the steel door. The sound of his stream hitting the toilet water splashed, bubbled and echoed against the walls of the bathroom, making it noticeably audible from where I was standing. He must have really had to go, because I distinctly heard him sigh in relief.

The sound was like a power drill tunneling into my ears and down to my bladder. Having to hear someone else experiencing the relief I was so desperate to obtain was a true twist of the knife. And then…I had the greatest bladder spasm of my entire life. I dropped to my knees, a few customers glanced at me from the doorway as I grabbed my private area with both hands. I could feel the oncoming stream making it way to the tip…it felt like only a matter of seconds before I soaked my jeans and underwear right there on the spot.

Gathering up my carnivorous strength, I got back to my feet, gulping hard as the spasm simmered down. I knew what to do; I would burst into the bathroom as soon as Louis exited, blurting out an apology as I rushed inside. I would yank my pants down like a cub who hadn’t learned how to use his fly. Then I would begin to…

With that thought, I could feel a small damp spot on my underwear…my fear was becoming reality. Though only a small squirt, a leak was still a leak. I had started to wet myself in public…

“SORRY-LOUIS-I-HAVE-TO-HEAD-OUT-NOW-SEE-YOU-LATER!” I shouted as I ran out the door. He didn’t even have time to respond. Time was no of the essence; I had to get back to the condo right this instant, but I didn’t know if I would make it in time. I was at my limit, and one wrong move would lead to disaster.

I was just as shocked as Haru was. We both were silent for a while, not knowing exactly what to say.

“I…I can explain!” I blurted out, “I didn’t know you were there! It was an accident…”

Haru stood back up, her head and shirt dripping wet with my own urine. What would she think! I refused to kiss her last night, and now I just peed on her? What kind of excuse it that?

“Do you have a towel?” Haru asked me in a breathless voice. In a panicked frenzy, I raced upstairs to my room and got a towel, a t-shirt, and a pair of underwear from my room. By the time I got back there, Haru was still standing in the same place.

I was expecting her to snatch the towel out of my hand and start screaming at me. I was sure she was going to dump me right then and there. All of a sudden, I burst into yet another awkward apology.

“I swear I didn’t do this on purpose; it was dark and I couldn’t hold it anymore…I had to go somewhere! I swear I didn’t pick this tree because you were under…” I said too much. I “picked” this tree? How was I supposed to explain why? Did I really pick this tree because it smelled like her? “I mean…I don’t…I…”

“Stop,” said Haru, “I can’t say I’m thrilled, but this is kind of sweet…”

“What do you mean?” I asked, wondering if she had been drinking.

“You told me to come here after your shift,” said Haru, “but I forgot when exactly you got back, so I was sitting against this tree to wait for you. Then I suddenly heard someone approaching. I guess my instincts told me to stay hidden, so I didn’t even move when you…”

Haru blushed; she knew that she had tried to be eaten by him before, and now she was willing to let him piss all over her.

“I…um…” I stammered, not knowing what to say at this point.

“Does this mean I’m your territory? Does this mean I’m yours?” Haru asked. She couldn’t believe it, but she actually found Legosi’s actions kind of sweet. Sure, this didn’t exactly resolve their issues from the night before, but she appreciated the gesture even if it was subconscious. “Gah! What am I saying?!” Haru shouted suddenly, coming to her senses. “You pissed all over me! Take me to the shower!”

Legosi quickly lead Haru inside the Condo, letting her use one of the showers before putting her clothes in the washer downstairs. He also threw in his partially-soiled jeans and underwear. After getting out of the shower, Haru put on the shirt Legosi gave her. It looked about four sizes too big for her, but she would take what she could get.

The both of them sat awkwardly in Legosi’s room, waiting for the wash cycle to finish.

“Maybe it’s best if we didn’t talk about this again,” I said dejectedly.

“It wasn’t my finest moment,” said Haru, “but we need to address our instincts if we’re going to make this work. It’ll take some work, sure, but we can’t dance around things like this.”

“…You’re right,” I said. I figured that would be a nice note to end on.

“We should exchange work schedules,” said Haru, “that way we’ll know exactly when our shifts end.”

I agreed, and from that point on, we didn’t speak about this incident again. That doesn’t mean I don’t still have dreams about it though…

