Getting revenge on her ex with hypnosis

Author: john442

*000*2025-03-27 13:13

Hey all, long time lurker on omo.org but figured it's time to actually make a post. I've started reading this year and figured it's time to pick up the pen for some fantasies I've had. This is the first one (well first pee based story anyways)!

I've always found the "hypnotized to pee" concept so hot so figured it was a good place to start.

I will probably add more to this story when I get time, but for now, please enjoy!

###

# PART ONE

Sophie was getting herself prepared, she seemed a little cold to Nathan but she was probably focused. "Okay, I think we're nearly ready Nath" - "I can't wait!" He replied, he really was, he was finally going to try hypnosis!

Nath and Sophie had a long history, when they were first together, Sophie was enamored with Nath, he was a charming guy, a little smaller than most, but his meekness was what Sophie loved. Sophie was more outgoing than Nath but was sick of jocks who would try to take advantage of her, she was not someone who'd take any bullshit. She'd been reluctant to let anyone get too close to her in the past, but Nath was so funny and charming, her icy exterior melted and let him in.

3 years after being together, at the office Christmas party, Nath had too much to drink and slept with his co-worker. He was a sucker for a red dress and heels and this was a real one off. Other than Sophie, he was a virgin, he could hardly resist the offer.

When he told Sophie, he wasn't able to hold back the flood, with tears streaming down his face, he begged for her forgiveness. But the damage was done. He betrayed her trust and thought he'd never get her back.

A year passed and he reached out to Sophie, he'd had such a hard time moving on that he had to just try. He'd been ostracized from any groups they shared as friends. So he was relieved when she said yes to getting back with him.

A few months had passed and while she was never as chirpy and go lucky as when they were first together, he felt they were finally starting to heal. So much so that Sophie said she'd finally indulge his biggest kink, hypnosis.

He'd always tried to achieve a hands free orgasm with hypnosis but inevitably ended up being teased and denied. Never able to quite finish, he decided to tell Sophie about this when they were first together and she was curious. She immediately started researching tips on how to hypnotize someone.

He was shocked when she brought it up to him that she wanted to try it since they got back together, but who was Nath to say no, maybe after this things could finally be as they were before.

"Okay baby, I'm gonna get you into a trance now okay" - "O... Okay" - "You're finally gonna cum hands free babe, are you excited" - "Oh my God yes, I love you babe thanks so much for doing this" - "Okay, let's begin".

She started kissing Naths neck as she told him to close his eyes, he obeyed her command and focused on her lips on his skin. "I'm gonna start to induce you now" she laid another soft kiss, moving to his nipples "Just keep relaxing, you're doing so great". Her words fell into his ears like chocolate, the positive reinforcement was making him feel more at ease. "I want you to imagine you're going down a hallway..." She started...

A lifetime passed for Nath, but it must have only been ten minutes. "...and when I get to one, I want you to fully drop into trance for me" she was massaging his penis now, he was still soft as he was so relaxed, the words she was saying came through like flour through a seive; course and rough to his conscious mind, but fine and pure to his subconscious. He was losing focus. "And one..." She snapped her fingers. Nath was completely under her control.

"There we go" Sophie started. "I know you've been looking forward to this, but probably not as much as me" Nathan stayed limp but as the opaque words came through, he started to feel a little uneasy.

"You really hurt me Nath, I saw a future with you, but you ruined it for a one night stand." She sounded hostile all of a sudden "Honestly I spent so long wanting you back but resisting, but I always remembered that pathetic face you had when you told me" she gently stroked a fingernail over his chest. "I told my friends about this hypnosis kink you had when we broke up. After we laughed for a while they got an idea, I mean, you're kinda gullible aren't you babe" Nath remained still.

"You're not going to cum today babe" she kissed his earlobe "We're going to do something a little more appropriate for a baby like you" her words were seeping into him, like osmosis, he absorbed every word she said. "Little sissy babies like you are pathetic, but they also have little sissy baby bladders too" Sophie started massaging his lower abdomen. "In fact, I think you need to go right now don't you". Fuck! He thought, Nath did need to go, she'd said that drinking water before the hypnosis session was necessary "You have to stay hydrated for this babe" she declared, "it won't work if you don't drink more". When he said he needed the bathroom before the session, Sophie said that he should wait till after.

"Poor Nath, why don't you take some pressure off, leak out a little bit of pee for me" Nath was a slave to her words, he started to leak pee into his jeans, he had no control over his body. "Okay now stop" Sophie commanded. The floodgates closed and Sophie sniggered, "What a relief, this is actually working!" Sophie chuckled loudly "I wasn't sure it would, this is gonna be so fun for me!". She kept massaging his bladder, "Oh poor baby I bet that didn't take the pressure off at all. Well that's too bad. If it makes you feel better though, seeing you piss your pants like the sissy baby you are is taking the pressure off me" she kissed him on the cheek.

"You see Nath I couldn't decide what to do with that bladder of yours, I thought just taking away your bladder control would be fun, but you'd just wear a diaper. Don't get me wrong, that is hilarious, but then the world wouldn't see the pants pisser that you're about to become!", There's no way she could do this, he's an adult, he still has bladder control. "But I thought I could do better." Sophie grabbed his wet crotch and issued another command "leak a little more Nath".

He could feel the wetness on his pants now but was completely immobile. He wanted to get up and stop her but he was completely at her beck and call, like a caged animal railing against the wall of his brain, but he couldn't resist. Leaking a little pee only made his desperation so much worse, he was hoping she'd let him relieve himself soon even if it was in his pants. He did wonder though, why was she grabbing his crotch.

To be continued...

*001*2025-03-27 16:27

I couldn't resist, I had to write part 2 immediately, warning there is pee drinking in this section, otherwise just typical hypnosis themes, triggers, command etc.

###

# PART TWO

Sophie rubbed her pee soaked hand on Nath's Belly. "I have to admit this is kind of turning me on a bit Nath" Sophie sighed heavily. "I was always too shy to tell you as I thought you might tell your friends, but I don't think you'll be telling them when you're the pants wetter to be honest" Nath was confused, what was she talking about. "This whole situation is a turn on for me Nath, controlling you, controlling your bladder. If you weren't such a bastard we could have done this as foreplay" Nath was suddenly getting turned on again, why was he getting so turned on?

"I've always noticed you get a little twitch when I take control, you like being dominated don't you Nath?". He really did, Nath was starting to convince himself this was going to turn out okay. "I like taking control too" she kissed his lips this time, Nath felt himself getting hard. "Well, well, well, looks like you're liking this situation too! Tell me is it the pee, or the being dominated?" Maybe both? Nath thought. Sophie moved her hand to his cock again. "Let's see if you can pee with that hard on, leak a little more for me" Nath squeezed and let out a squirt of pee again, into Sophie's hand.

"Hmm wasn't sure that would work, good, now Nath, open your mouth for me". Nath snapped back to reality, this wasn't part of the plan, he wanted to scream. His mouth fell open, but no scream came out.

"I want you to associate the taste of your pee with pleasure, so I'm going to stroke you while you give it a taste" Nath wanted to protest but he was helpless, as she touched his cock with one hand, she held the other hand above his mouth.

Each stroke was electric to him, he'd never felt this kind of pleasure before, he was being teased under hypnosis and it was like all his dreams came true, until the bitter taste entered his mouth. He was thankful he was hydrated so it was quite clear, but it was still so disgusting, warm salty pee coated his taste buds meanwhile he felt more turned on than ever.

"You seemed to like that babe, so here's your reward, from now on you will always want to drink your own pee when you masturbate, if you ever masturbate without pee it will feel so wrong that you will have a hard time of cumming." she stopped stroking Nath, he needed to cum right now, she'd just got him so close, he was desperate for another touch.

"Hmm maybe I'll give you that hands free orgasm today after all!" Sophie said menacingly, "I can make you cum from drinking your own pee! How cute!" Nath realized that he wouldn't mind that, just just wanted to cum. Was it that easy for the suggestion to take hold of him? No it had to be his cock talking.

"Anyways, that wasn't really very much of a punishment was it, and sissy babyies don't drink their own pee, I just want you to feel disgusting whenever you play with your little shrimp cock" she laughed. "Something which sissy babies do is pee when they get nervous! Now, I know how pathetic you normally are, so you would be peeing your pants all of the time wouldn't you?" Nath didn't like this condescension but she was right, he got nervous easily, furthermore, if it was whenever he got scared he would wet himself all the time. Even when they first got together Sophie would call Nath a sissy, though it was more endearing back then.

"I think that the best solution is to instead make you drink water when you get nervous, from now on you will always have some water on you and when you get nervous you drink, healthy right!" Nath didn't like where this was going "You're gonna need to pee more, that's for sure but you can still use the bathroom just not fully. When you're nervous and use the bathroom from now on you'll only let out about half of your bladder's capacity"

Nathan thought about this, he had an average sized bladder and could hold it for a while, but he was a nervous guy, he would be going to the bathroom every half an hour at this rate without any relief. "You'll just stop halfway, there's nothing you'll be able to do, but you won't think anything of it, just like when you pee right now, it will feel perfectly natural.".

"Actually that reminds me, time for another treat, leak for me". The starting and stopping was agony for Nath, though his body wouldn't betray that he felt it. She cupped the pee in her hand again then poured it into his mouth, did he like it? He felt as though she was stroking him again but her hand stayed away.

"Oh fuck me this is so hot Jesus, I need to try it" she squeezed some of the liquid from his jeans into her hand and looked at it longingly.

This time she raised her hand to her own mouth and drank. "Oh my God, this is fucking amazing, I'm turning you into my little piss slut and there's nothing you can do. Don't worry we're almost done, I just have a few more treats for you then you can cum baby" Nath felt relieved, but not for long. "You're not going to remember any of this, oh my God it's going to be so cute when I catch you drinking your pee and masturbating for the first time, you're going to be so embarrassed!" Nath just realized, this was going straight to his subconscious mind, once he woke up, all of this would disappear from his consciousness.

"But if we're staying together, no more cheating." She grabbed a glass from the table next to the bed. "Whenever you talk to other girls you find cute, you will start to leak uncontrollably" Nath realized this would be a problem if they ever broke up. "But you're not going to cheat on me any more are you!" She sounded jokily cheerful.

"Alright Nath nearly there, just 3 lovely triggers and were finished, how fun! First is thirsty, whenever you hear the word thirsty you'll feel like you need to drink water, easy enough. Secondly is drip, that's just going to need to make you pee more, A LOT more, like twice as much as you feel at the time. Finally my favorite, if anyone ever says to you "you'll have to wait" you will not be able to piss outside of your clothes, no matter how hard you try, it's a guaranteed accident! Even if you get into a bathroom and sit down to pee, you'll just have to do it through your underpants because you won't be able to take the darn things off. I love it"

Nathan was defeated, what would this new life be like for him, a total loser who always needs the bathroom and drinks his own pee, wets his pants weekly at best. How often do people say to him "you'll have to wait" he won't even know that he's been triggered until he's wetting his pants uncontrollably.

"That's enough for now baby" Sophie stroked his face caringly. "On the bright side, this is going to turn me on so much I'm going to be fucking your brains out all of the time, I can make you piss yourself whenever I want... Sorry sorry, getting distracted, I want you to let out the rest of your pee now baby, all into this glass, you get your hands free orgasm that you've always wanted" he didn't hesitate he let the rest of his piss out in his pants, he heard it hitting the side of a glass as it hissed. He knew what was coming but he couldn't wait.

He finally stopped the flow, Sophie started kissing his nipples, "now I want you to start getting really turned on baby, imagine my mouth on your pissy pathetic cock, sucking you, can you feel that" Nath could, he was going to cum hands free "open your mouth again" Nath opened his mouth, he wanted this pee more than anything "okay babe, when I pour your pee into your mouth, you're going to spurt your little sissy load into your pants okay" oh God yes, just pour it "3... 2... 1..." Bliss.

He was no longer drinking his own pee, but the nectar of gods, he felt his cock erupt as he burst into his pants, despite the circumstances, this was the single best feeling of his life covered in his piss and cum, destined to be a pathetic piss slut for his hateful ex girlfriend, and he would have no idea. "Okay that's quite enough, what a nice reward for you, but you really deserve it babe, for what it's worth, I actually forgive you for cheating now, I can trust no girls gonna sleep with a pissy pants sissy like you any more".

"When you wake up you'll remember only the orgasm you just felt, you'll be convinced that you're not covered in pee but just sweat. All of the triggers and new commands you've learned will still be there. But you have no idea about them. I'll count you down babe" Nath realized this is the last time he'll know why he has bladder problems, from here on, it's a way of life.

"5... 4... 3... 2... 1..." Nathan opened his eyes, sleepy and covered in sweat. "Well, how was it babe?", Nathan felt overwhelmed, he wasn't sure he could put the experience into words, but he still said "We have to do that again, it was the best experience of my whole life" Nathan just had his hands free orgasm, and he couldn't wait for more.

To be continued...

*002*2025-03-27 18:20

Alright this really is the last part for now, it's looping round to be a bit more wholesome before it becomes probably less so for a time 😅 pee sex in this part

###

PART THREE

"I'm still so horny babe, I can't believe I was sweating so much holy shit I'm soaked" Nath grabbed his pants, "Well I guess some of it's cum huh, seems like I shot a pretty big load" Nathan felt amazing, his whole body was tingling and he was excited to see that Sophie seemed to enjoy it too. "That was such a turn on for me too babe" did she seem more laid back? Were things finally how they used to be? "I agree, let's do it again soon, I have some really good ideas for the next one" she winked cheekily.

Nath couldn't believe his luck, it was like she was a different woman, had he finally sorted his relationship out? Not only that but he just had his deepest sexual fantasy fulfilled, things were starting to look up. But first of all he needed a shower.

"Hey babe do you wanna come with me to the shower?" Nath asked, he clearly wanted something more. "No babe, I'm so tired, maybe we can shower together tomorrow, that really took it out of me" - "No problems" he replied, he could just jerk off, no biggie.

He went into the bathroom and began to take his clothes off, "damn I really sweat a lot" he thought to himself. "My pants are soaked and so is my hair damn". He didn't worry much, he jumped into the shower and grabbed his cock. Holy shit it was still so sensitive from before.

He tried to think back to what happened when he was in trance, he couldn't remember, if anything that was even hotter. He started to imagine Sophie naked and whispering into his ears telling him to cum hands free. He kept jerking off but realized he wasn't getting close. "What the fuck" he was so turned on but it felt like something was missing. He was getting hornier but no closer to cumming.

He kept trying to finish but it was just making him hornier "fuck it", he gave up. Just weird, maybe he'd fully emptied his balls from the hands free orgasm. He concluded that was right. He went to brush his teeth realising his mouth tasted kind of disgusting, he gets morning breath and slept for a while while he was being hypnotized. Who cares? He threw his clothes into the laundry and headed to bed with Sophie.

Getting into bed with Sophie he started to cuddle her, "I really did enjoy that babe, thanks so much for everything, I love you" - "I love you too baby" she hadn't said that since they'd got back together. "Are you sure there's nothing I can do to help you out?" - "well I am thirsty babe, can you just get me some water" - "Sure. I'm thirsty too".

When he came back he realized that Sophie was up looking at her phone, "I thought you were going to sleep" - "Nahh, I was just looking up some hypnosis stuff" Nath was overjoyed, not only did she like it, she loved it! "I was just looking at some stuff and there's so many cool things you can do with hypnosis, if the participant is willing and obedient you can really do a lot" - "Babe you're actually really turning me on right now" - "Do you remember anything from our session earlier" - "Not really, just how amazing I felt, it was really great, I was honestly so happy that you did it for me".

"It turned me on too, you know...", Sophie looked at Nath with a look that made him weak, "We could drip other things into those sessions to make them even better" Nath realized he had to pee, kinda weird that it just came over all of a sudden, but no biggie, he leaned in to kiss Sophie "like we could drip in some triggers, do you know what they are?" Nath felt the pressure grow even more he had to pull away. "Sorry babe I don't know what's coming over me, I'll be right back..." He nervously ran to the toilet and began to let out his pee.

"Phew that was close" he thought, he pissed till he'd emptied some of his bladder and got up. "Well that's a bit better".

He returned to Sophie, "Sorry about that babe" - "What happened?" - "Just had to piss really bad, don't know what happened" - "Can I let you into a secret Nath?" Naths ears perked up. "Sure if course, you can tell me anything". "Well, I have a kink too... I like pee.". Nath looked at her, she was so vanilla that he was shocked she had any kinks at all. "Wow okay this is new! Honestly, if it turns you on then we can explore it, I'm not here to kink shame you or anything, it's not my cup of tea but we can try it?" - "I would love that" - "Do you want to try it now? I still kinda have to pee, I never get it all out when I'm nervous" She smiled at him. "Of course not, don't worry, I'm sure we'll get a chance to try it out soon".

They both went to sleep, Nath tossed and turned as he felt more desperate than usual through the night, he was having dreams of Sophie telling him to pee, he even dreamed about drinking pee. So gross.

He woke up after Sophie, it was their day off but they were due to go meet Sophie's friends, they were still so horrible to him he got nervous at the thought, time for a coffee and some water he thought. But first a trip to the bathroom.

He let out half of his morning pee and went to meet Sophie, he really wished he could just let everything out when he was nervous, so annoying. "Morning babe!" He startled Sophie "fucking hell you scared me!" She replied laughing. "Sorry sorry! I didn't mean it!" - "it's okay babe, I wasn't expecting you to wake up so soon!" She was still smiling. "Someone's in a good mood today!" Nath said optimistically. "What can I say? Today should be a good one! Can't wait to see my friends". She'd already set up some juice for him, he took a sip.

"Do you think they'll ever take it easy on me though babe? I used to love your friends and now they're really mean to me, I just want to move past it really" - "Well maybe if you put on a good show today they might be more patient, you never know" - "I guess you're right".

"I wanted to tell you Nath, I think what you did a year ago was fucking awful, but I think we can move on in earnest now. I still love you. I don't think things'll ever be exactly as they were, but they might be salvageable". Nath had been waiting to hear these words, his eyes welled up. "You don't know how much that means to hear" he embraced her. "Just a little bit of fun first Nath, then I think things will be much much better" she thought.

"I do feel kind of sorry for him" she thought to herself. "He's remorseful, he's obviously made a mistake, I think my friends have made me go a touch too far" she bit her lip, still holding Nath. "Come on babe" she let go and let him return to the counter "You're probably still thirsty, there'll be a lot of walking today" - "Yeah I am thirsty actually, I could kill a coffee" - "It's already brewing" she smiled at him.

"He must still have half his pee in there" she thought lustfully to herself. Maybe I can give him a little prompt to let some out. "Oh man the coffee machines so slow! Drip, drip, drip!" Nath got up out of the chair and began to run for the toilet, Sophie followed him.

"Nath wait!" She called. "Sorry babe I just need the toilet, 1 minute" was she really going to say it now? Well he still doesn't have to know it's a trigger, she thought. "You'll have to wait babe this is important" she went to the toilet door and saw Nath standing in front of the toilet. He was wearing his tight pajama bottoms and a loose fitting shirt, he was holding himself fiercely. "What do you want babe" he said through gritted teeth "well, I wonder if you'd pee your pants for me". He paused for a moment "Would that turn you on babe?" He was shifting quickly from side to side. "Soooo much" she smiled at him. He smiled back.

"It really can't wait" he said to her jumping into the shower. "Does it have to be in my pants? I mean I could just pee on you or something if you want" - "I want to see the wet spot grow" she got in the shower with him and pulled him close, putting a hand on his crotch. "Leak for me".

He peed full force into his pyjama bottoms straight into Sophie's hand, she felt herself getting wet at the same time as him, she realized that she could have got him to do this all along.

His pee suddenly stopped, it wasn't the fierce torrent she was expecting, suddenly realizing that he was nervous, it was only half, she let out a laugh. "It's not funny!" He said, she noticed he was blushing. "It's amazing" she replied, she noticed he was getting hard. "A little sissy standing in a pee puddle" She realized that she was talking like she was in the hypnosis session, this was an accident. "I ummm... I'm not a sissy" Nath replied unconvincingly, she noticed his cock was getting hard.

She got down on her knees in front of him. She wanted more "Look, your pants are still dripping". She pulled his pants down, "They're still dripping a lot" she knew what she was doing. "I think I still have more, I'm kinda still desperate" - "let it go into my mouth" she took in what was only a few drops of his pee and began to suck his cock as he did, he was clearly getting quite close. This would be the real test of whether it all worked.

She stood up in front of him, mouth filled with pee and went for a kiss "Woah, woah babe what the fuck I don't know if I want to drink pee" he pulled back, but not as fast as she caught up to him locking his lips with his.

All of the neurons in Naths brains erupted at once as soon as he tasted his own pee from Sophie's mouth. He felt himself immediately start to cum as he went for his second hands free orgasm in as many days. Any confusion he had he would worry about later for now he felt amazing and all he worried about was kissing Sophie and cumming his brains out.

"Woah Nath, you really seemed to like that!" Sophie said smugly. Nath didn't want to admit to cumming just because he drank his own pee, clutching at straws he replied "yeah well I liked when you called me a sissy" his face was illuminated, hot red, he didn't want to admit that either. "Oh really! So that got you going did it Nath, being called a little sissy bitch huh?" Nath was still hard. "Yeah it did" - "Show me then" she sat down in the bath, in Naths pee puddle.

She started to play with herself and coaxed Nath on "if you like being called sissy so much, why don't you show me" he came down to her and started to fuck her. "Little sissy cock for a little sissy piss slut" she could see Nath was getting turned on by it he was pounding her hard but he wasn't getting anywhere. "Are you sure you don't want some pee, sissy slut?" - "no I don't!" He was clearly getting off on it.

Sophie was getting close "I don't care any more just keep going" - "I'm so close" he replied, she knew he wasn't going to cum unless she did something. She rolled her hand in the pee puddle he'd created and as she started going over the edge she put her fingers into Naths mouth. He pulled out and came all over her, losing her fingers in the process. They both moaned in the bliss they were feeling. And finally came down from the climax. "Don't say anything" Nath said, ashamed, "not saying a word!" Sophie smirked, his bladder was still half full.

*003*2025-03-30 23:14

# PART FOUR

Sophie and Nath both showered together, a purely practical exercise at this point, they were exhausted. Nath wasn't making eye contact with Sophie, he couldn't look at her. "So... I didn't know about that side of you?", he was already blushing but his face managed to darken even more, almost like he was holding his breath, he glanced at her but looked away. "This is so cute" Sophie thought.

"But you did like that right? Being called those names?" She paused. "Drinking yo" - "I did not like that bit at all" he was pouting "It was gross and I didn't want to do it". The dead air hung in the shower for a few seconds "it's just you seemed to like it" - "conversation over!" Nath was desperate to get out of the shower and change the subject. "Fine, fine, I can drop it, if you get off on being humiliated that works for me" Nath didn't know the half of it.

Sophie started applying her makeup in the mirror when she heard a call from the other room. "What should I wear babe?", what an unexpected treat! She considered suggesting dark jeans as a mercy for him, concealing his embarrassment behind a somewhat matching color scheme. But then she remembered the feeling of betrayal, loathing and shame she felt for trusting him, there was still some catharsis to be had here, time to twist the dagger.

"What choices have you got babe?" - "Could go for jeans?" - "Nahh, it's so hot! Wear something lighter" she looked at herself in the mirror, so mischievous! "What about my blue chino shorts?" - "They're okay but I loooove your white cotton pants, really show off your sissy curves" - "Fine, but please stop calling me that!" Sophie knew Nath's fate had been sealed. She hadn't laid a trap for him, he was already in it.

Sophie finished her makeup, and went to see Nath in the bedroom, she picked out a pair of shorts, a white shirt and a pair of sneakers to wear, after all, she didn't want to distract from the star of the show. "What do you say I whip us up some mojitos Nath? A little pre-drink if you're thirsty?" - "Actually, I'm rather parched!" he put on a fake posh accent, he was trying to be charming. "Very cringey" Sophie thought, even so she graced his effort with a chuckle and moved to the kitchen.

Sophie started to wonder if this might be too much, he might not make it to the bar if she gave him too much alcohol. Nath broke the seal almost immediately whenever he drank, becoming a liability, pissing almost every half an hour. If he couldn't let out more than 50% of his pee, that gave them 15 to 20 minutes to get to the bar. Furthermore, instead of feeling the dull pressure of the first 50% of his bladder filling, he'd be feeling the intense gnawing flood of the last 50%. Sophie's math skills were being tested, it just didn't add up. Nath came into the kitchen and sipped more of his orange juice.

It suddenly clicked to Sophie what to do: "Do you fancy going through the park to get to town babe? It's a gorgeous day and I really fancy it" perfect, he can piss behind a tree! "Sounds good!" Her plan was coming together, she went to the kitchen and finished preparing preparing the ice cold, and sufficiently strong mojitos. Nath took a sip "Nice and strong, just how I like it" Sophie took a sip too, the anticipation was killing her.

After they'd finished their mojitos, Nath went to the bathroom for the final time and they set off to town. It was the picture of a perfect day. Despite the bitter heat of the post-midday sun, they were shaded by the tall fences of their neighbors as they made it to the end of the street. Nath stopped, and looked back. "Hmmm I kinda have to pee again babe" Sophie was stunned, they'd only been walking for a couple of minutes. "Come on, it's only about 20 minutes to town, you can hold it, you're a big boy, or are you just a pants-wetting sissy?". Nath looked around as though he were a spy caught under the floodlights in a classic espionage film, after seeing no one around, he finally focused on Sophie "Not in public" he hissed. They marched on without any further complaints.

They'd made it to the park but Nath had been getting increasingly desperate the whole way. It had only been 10 minutes since leaving the house. It was pathetic enough that Sophie figured she should let this play out without any of his triggers, but the punishment was about to begin. "Babe are you being serious right now, do you actually already have to pee that badly" - "You know what I'm like when I drink!" Time to change gears.

"Babe, when I made you pee your pants earlier, it was really hot, but I don't need you to do it for me in public." - "This isn't on purpose, I just really have to go" - "Baby, this is just really pathetic" she was trying to sound authoritative "You're going to meet my friends for the first time since we broke up and you're literally about to piss your fucking pants. What is wrong with you. Go piss behind a tree or something if it can't wait, you're seriously acting like a loser". Nath looked genuinely ashamed, Sophie looked at his pants, was he getting hard? All Nath could utter was "Sorry" as he scurried behind a tree.

Nath burst with relief, a torrent of urine escaped him, he sighed a breath of relief but the sigh lasted only a few seconds, he stopped himself. Agony on his weakened bladder, but he had no choice. He didn't know why, but each time he stopped, it was as though it was getting harder to hold it any longer. He put his cock away and ran back to Sophie.

"Better?" She asked. He nodded solemnly. "You need to knock that off in front of my friends". They trekked onwards to the bar.

They arrived at the large open bar. It was decorated with an array of picnic benches holding deserted food and drinks, palm trees in planters and umbrellas galore. It seems the lunchtime rush was over, luckily for Nath. It didn't take long for them to see Sophies three friends sitting at the bar drinking.

The first of the three was Sammy, a shorter girl with a bubbly veneer, she was larger in size but juicily curvy. She wore a white sundress that contrasted beautifully with her brown hair. She always had a soft spot for Nath, and didn't really want to see his humiliation play out.

Second was Amy, the blond of the group. She was lithe but about the same height as Sammy wearing blue short shorts and a tank top. Amy and Sophie had a shared interest for pee, discovered one time when they went out for drinks alone, they shared a vested interest in seeing this play out.

Finally was Lucy, a towering, dominant girl with black hair, top, eyeliner, shorts, fishnets and boots. A classic goth chick. She was the most affected by the breakup of Sophie and Nath, she'd been friends with Sophie for the longest, and she'd been the one who schemed to hypnotize Nath. She'd always distrusted him and she wanted him to pay for what he did.

"Hey girls!" Sophie announced, Nath followed sharply behind, he was already squirming again. "Babe stop fucking squirming" she whispered to Nath, secretly wanting her friends to hear. "Hey girls" Nath added sheepishly. "I just need to go to the bathroom, I'm sorry I'll be back in a second". "Well if it isn't the drip" announced Lucy, Nath felt his desperation double, "Come crawling back to us from whatever loser hole you've been living in" He grabbed himself fully, starting to blush and replied. "Hey Lucy, long time no see!".

Sophie looked at his crotch, she always suspected he had a crush on Lucy but now it was confirmed, this dominant goth girl was cute enough that Nath would start to leak when he talked to her. A small drip of liquid emerged between his fingers. He felt these drips grace his palm as he spoke and ran to the bathroom. "This is going to be priceless" Lucy remarked.

