June and the Clogged Toilet

Author: jakeybakey

*000*2022-12-13 08:06

June is squirming.

"Come on!" says June worriedly. "Just flush!"

She plunges the toilet again, but it's no use. June had been holding herself for the past four hours, and the toilet water is on the brink of overflow. What could've caused this? June wonders. Could it be faulty plumbing? A loose pipe? The world being against her? June's legs cross tightly. June catches her breath, and with all her might, she plunges the toilet again. The water almost comes out of the toilet bowl, and June squirms. June would've used the toilet at work earlier, but there were… complications. Let me tell you. One of June’s co-workers had bought everyone a coffee around eight in the morning, and June drank hers with delight. Little did she know that this delight would soon turn into extreme desperation. June started needing to pee around nine o' clock, and she still had three hours left on her shift. Once the store was relatively empty, June rushed to the restroom door, only to find out it was occupied. June waited and waited.

June then saw some customers walking in out of the corner of her eye. June rushed back to her work area. They ordered, and sat down. June handed the customers' order to the barista, thinking it was over, and started walking back to the restroom. Only then more people came in, and more, and more, and MORE. June realized that the restroom would have to wait, and she had a good line of people to take orders from. By the end of it, her bladder was mostly full, but still manageable. Around two hours till the end of her shift, she started to feel the pressure of her bladder.

The shop was still full, so she grabbed herself a chair to make it easier to hold herself. The manager saw this, and scolded her for sitting down while working. The manager took away her chair, and left June barely holding herself together. Come around one hour till the end of her shift, June is squirming. June worked with her legs crossed, and the coldness of the AC made her desperation even worse. It also didn't help with the ambience of coffee being poured. The long pouring sounds made June long for release. With five minutes to the end of her shift, June was counting the seconds on the clock.

Tick… tock… tick… tock…

June squeezed her legs even tighter. With one last order to go, she was brimming with relief. The customer received their coffee, and everyone started closing up shop. June rushed to the bathroom faster than ever before, and one of her co-workers was already locking it up.

"NO!" thought June.

"Can you unlock it?!" asked June.

"I already locked it." said the co-worker. "I don’t feel like it."

June's co-worker walked past her, and June was on the brink of wetting herself. There was only one option. June got in her car and drove fast. June ran over a pothole, and gripped herself harder than before. The road was bumpy, long, and rough. The bumpiness of the road was almost enough to make her lose control. June sped faster and faster, until she hit a red light. She stopped immediately, and her seatbelt pushed against her bladder. June squeezed her privates hard, and tears came to her eyes.

"COME ON!" cried June.

June waited. and waited. The traffic light then turned green. June picked up speed once again, and drove to her house. Once June arrived, She rushed out of her car to her door. June scrambled for her keys, and unlocked the door. She ran to her bathroom, and slammed the door shut. June opened the toilet bowl, and the toilet was clogged.

"Oh no!" cried June. "OH NO!"

June quickly reached for the plunger. She plunged the toilet water down, and flushed. The water then rised.

And just like that, we're back where we started. June doesn't know what her future holds, but she sure hopes it doesn't involve wetting herself.

"Come on!" says June worriedly. "Just flush!"

She plunges the toilet again, but it's no use. The toilet water is on the brink of overflow, and June's legs cross tightly. June catches her breath, and with all her might, she plunges the toilet again. The water almost comes out of the toilet bowl, and June squirms. Her bladder tingles her insides, and the pressure builds up. Tears run down June's face.

"FLUSH, DAMN IT!" screams June.

June plunges the toilet again, and flushes. The water rises back up again, and has no sign of going down. June is at her breaking point. June doesn't want to pee all over the floor, so she crosses her legs, and looks around for anything to plug herself with. June doesn't have time for this. She could wet herself any second! She continues to look around and finds nothing. June considers using her hand to stop any potential leaking, but she knows this won't work. June then plunges the toilet once more. The water rises even higher. June squirms. June then finds herself doing a "potty dance" and realizes it's getting harder and harder to hold it. She can't handle any more of this. The pressure is too strong and her bladder is too full. June crosses her legs once more, and she bursts.

"Wait... no, no no NO!" realizes June.

June is leaking into her shorts. June can't believe this. She then stalls her stream for a good two seconds, and glances at the plunger. June then makes a split second decision. June pulls down her shorts and panties just enough so she can hop herself onto the plunger stick. The plunger stick goes in deep, and plugs her stream. June grunts with pleasure. June's stream uses what little molecular room it has to barely escape down the plunger stick. this warms and tingles June's pussy, and she squeezes tight. June realizes that she'll still need to pee at the end of all this, so she needs to find a way to unclog the toilet.

June grabs the plunger stick with her hands, and plunges the toilet with the plunger still inside of her. This causes June to moan. June plunges the toilet again. Each time she plunges, the stick moves up and down inside of her pussy. June moans with pleasure, and continues to plunge. June flushes the toilet, and the water rises back up again. June continues to plunge up and down. Her bladder is filled to the max, and the urine that sloshes around her insides create a sensation like no other. June can really feel the coffee she drank now. June plunges the toilet one final time, and the water... goes down?!

June is beyond excited. June takes the plunger out of the toilet, and attempts at pulling it out of her privates. No luck. Each pull she is reminded of how badly she needs to pee, and with each pull she moans with pleasure. June tugs and tugs, her bladder now expanding a little bit out of her stomach. June tugs one final time, and puts all of her strength into it. June pulls, and gets knocked to the floor. the plunger falls to the floor as well, and June's clothes snap back on top of her privates. Because of the sheer force of her hitting the ground, June starts leaking again, and notices rather quickly. June squeezes her legs together.

"Come on!" squirms June. "You can make it!"

June stands up and tries to make it to the toilet, but it's all too late. June starts leaking, attempts to stop it, leaks again, attempts to stop it, and leaks again. June's urine hasn't leaked out of her shorts yet, so she rushes to the toilet bowl standing, and loses control.

Her shorts are soaked. June is ashamed of what she's doing, but it feels so good. June's stream is flooding out of her shorts loudly, and eventually golden waterfalls of urine are leaking down her thighs. June's panties are completely soaked, and as she sits down on the toilet, her flood then fills the back of her panties, and leaks into her rear. The warmth of her urine remains ongoing, and shows no signs of stopping. Tears run down June’s face.

"Why...?" cries June.

June waits it out. Two whole minutes.

