Adam & Kyle’s Roller Coaster Soak

Author: jgottapee

*000*2025-08-29 08:45

Thanks for the likes on my last post, I really appreciate it! I’m stoked I can finally share stories like these, I’ve written quite a few of them (that are sadly lost) in the past. Hope you all like this one!

###

Best friends Adam and Kyle are in line for a brand new roller coaster at the theme park and they’re about to finally get on after waiting for over an hour and a half. Adam, a big adrenaline junkie, has been waiting to go on this ride all summer. But right now, his excitement is only half of what’s on his mind.

As the previous riders deboarded, Adam shifted nervously. “Shit, y’know I really should’ve peed before we got in line, all that Coke from earlier’s going right through me” Adam said as he sat down in the first row of the carts. “Hopefully this ride isn’t as bumpy as it looks then” Kyle retorted with a chuckle. “We’ll go before we get on the next ride for sure, I could use a piss too.” The carts pulled away from the station and began the record-breaking ascent. Adam could feel the harness digging into his bladder, but as they were approaching the biggest drop in the park, excitement overtook him. Within a minute, they were just about to reach the top.

Right before they reached the summit, the ride jolted to a halt.

“…Is this part of the ride?” Kyle asked.

“…Not that I know of.” Adam said.

After a minute, everyone on the ride knew they were stuck. “Damn, looks like we’re not going anywhere.” Kyle said, disappointed. “At least we’ve got a great view from up here!” he joked.

But Adam wasn’t in a joking mood. He tried to look back down at the station to see what the ride operators were doing, but from his angle he could only see the roof of the station. He gripped his harness tight.

Kyle looked over at Adam, who was looking a little pale. “You okay, dude?” he asked.

Adam stuttered through an answer. “I… I get kinda claustrophobic with this stuff… and uh…”

He couldn’t seem to finish his sentence.

“…Yeah?” Kyle said, trying to help him along.

“And I… —dude I really have to pee.”

Kyle noticed Adam’s legs were shaking a little. His forehead was starting to shine with sweat. He had an iron grip on his harness. “When I said I had to pee earlier, I meant like, as soon as we got off the ride. I have to pee really, really bad…”, Adam muttered through a few pained grunts. “Well, I’m sure we’ll be up and moving in just a few minutes, they can’t keep us up here forever.” Kyle noted, trying to reassure his friend. He had to go a little bit too—clearly not as bad as Adam—but enough that he didn’t want to be stuck for long. Adam shut his eyes and tried to just focus on his breathing. “It’s okay, I’m gonna be fine” he thinks to himself, over and over. “It’s okay, I’m gonna be fine.”

But they just continued to sit there, for over a half hour. You could hear the other people behind them groaning and complaining about how long they’d been sitting.

Kyle looked over at Adam. Adam had his head facing away from him, and he was no longer holding onto his harness. Kyle glanced down. Adam had both of his hands squeezed between his legs, and he was manically tapping his feet on the floor of the cart.

“Doing alright, man?” Kyle asked sympathetically.

“Yeah…” Adam mumbled.

But Kyle couldn’t see that at this point, Adam was crying. He never thought they’d be stuck for this long. He’s been doing everything he can; crossing his legs, bouncing in his seat, and now pinching his dick as hard as possible—but he’s out of time. His bladder feels like it’s going to explode.

“Kyle...” Adam groans.

Kyle turns and sees Adam’s tear-soaked face. “Oh dude, are you okay?” He says.

“I… I’m not gonna make it. I can’t hold it anymore, I don’t know what I’m gonna do…” Adam cries, more embarrassed than he’s ever been. “They have to let us off, I have to pee so fucking bad” he whines.

“It’s okay, Adam. It’s gonna be alright.” Kyle says, doing his best to comfort him.

A few minutes go by.

Adam continues to cry and moan in pain, but he then starts to feel an odd sensation, something he’s never felt before. His crotch starts to go numb, and kind of tingly. For a second it feels good, but then he realizes. He looks down into his lap. His bulge is soaking wet, with a stream of urine flowing from his tip. His seat is flooding, and pee is dripping off the back of seat and toward the carts behind them. It’s dripping down the track. Adam covers his face with his hands, mortified.

Kyle watches in horror. Adam not only is peeing himself, but his piss is making it’s way down to the carts behind them, and everyone on the ride is noticing. He feels so horrible for him, but there wasn’t anything either of them could’ve done for him.

After a minute, Kyle looks down at Adam’s crotch. His shorts are totally (and very obviously) soaked. And to his surprise, Adam was still peeing. “No wonder he couldn’t hold it…” he thought to himself, and he continued to watch. In fact, after a few seconds he realized he couldn’t look away. Something about this was, in a very confusing way for him, getting him going. Adam just couldn’t stop peeing, and his bulge was soaked and glistening. Kyle felt so bad for it, but it only took a few seconds before he was rock hard.

Eventually, the carts were slowly brought back down into the station, and the ride was closed for maintenance. Adam and Kyle hadn’t spoke since Adam’s accident. Adam was still soaked, and Kyle was still guiltily turned on.

They got off the ride and headed down the stairs and toward the exit. Both of them needed to stop at the bathroom; Kyle so he could finally pee, and Adam so he could try and clean himself up, so they made their way there. Kyle unzipped and took a big piss in one of the urinals, and by the end of his stream, he was hard again. He just couldn’t stop replaying the scene in his mind. Adam resorted to taking water from the sink and drenching his shorts all the way around, which disguised the accident. He was still horrified by the incident, but he was feeling a lot better. They were able to go on with their night at the park for a few more hours, and eventually Adam was even able to laugh about the whole thing. To which Kyle played along, but unbeknownst to Adam, he was practically drooling over the accident. He couldn’t look at Adam without seeing it, and he ended up having to hide his boner for the rest of the night.

###

