Good date

Author: jrs1989

*000*2017-07-10 02:01

This story is almost entirely pieced together from snippets of real conversations and events that happened to me with various friends/partners. But I rolled them all into a series of interactions between two characters.

This gets sexy (like, two-people-doing-sexy-things-to-each-other sexy), so, if that's not what you're looking for, read something else, I guess.

I met her through a dating app. After exchanging a few messages, we met up for drinks at a bar halfway between our apartments. After one beer, it was clear we had some chemistry. We ordered another round, and lingered, talking, for hours. We discussed books, politics, the good and bad and awful aspects of living in the city we lived in. We had a lot of the same ideas. She was incredibly well-read, and quick with a joke. I felt boring by comparison, but she seemed to be enjoying herself with me.

When we finally decided to call it a night — we both had work the next day — I walked her to the bus stop. As we arrived, her bus was rounding the corner on the next block, headed our way.

"Awesome," she said. "I hate waiting for buses when I have to pee." She did a little squirm and crossed her legs to emphasize her point.

"You could have gone at the bar!" I replied, laughing, hoping I sounded nonchalant.

"I almost never pee in public bathrooms, especially in bars," she said, smiling. "They're never clean, and I have a tiny bit of OCD. So, that means a lot of full-bladder bus rides for me."

The bus pulled up alongside us, and the door squeaked open. "Bye," she said. She squeezed my arm. "I had fun. Lets do it again." And, with that, she stepped onto the bus. I walked home, excited about the night — and more excited by her parting comments than I should have been

* * *

For the rest of that week and the next, she was out of town for work and then to attend a friend's wedding. We traded a few texts, and set a second date, this time at a new restaurant that had opened up near my house. We planned to meet up at a dive bar down the block beforehand.

Again, we had a great time. As our glasses emptied, I noticed she was shifting back and forth on her seat and alternate flapping her legs and crossing them tightly. It was, I was nearly certain, a sign that her bladder was again full.

At one point, she laughed at something I said and slammed her legs together, bending forward slightly. "Lets go to the restaurant," she said. "I've got to pee, and I don't want to bother with the bathrooms here."

"Why?" I asked.

"A place like this never has clean bathrooms. I don't even want to find out if it does, because that would mean touching the doorknob."

"Ah," I replied, and downed the last gulp of my beer. I decided to be bold. "This public bathroom aversion you have seems like it might cause you some issues."

"You have no idea," she said with a laugh.

"I hope the bus ride home after the last time I saw you wasn't too uncomfortable," I said.

She smiled. "I almost exploded," she said.

My heart raced at those words. Almost? Exploded? I was torn between wanting details and not wanting to be a weirdo. But she seemed to think talking about pee was perfectly acceptable, normal. In fact, all of her pee-related comments so far were volunteered with a little smile.

"That would have been bad," I offered, noncommittally.

"It would have been really bad," she said. "Now lets go!" She stood, pressing her legs together. She kept one crossed in front of the other and swayed from side to side as I paid. As I struggled to put the change in my wallet — I've never been good at getting dollar bills into a wallet, for some reason — she smiled and waved her hands in a hurry-up motion.

I laughed, pretending to only now notice her tense posture — pretending I hadn't been watching her out of the corner of my eye the whole time.

"That bad, huh?"

"I was at the park all afternoon with my friend, and drank a bunch of water. I had to pee for an hour before I even got here. And, of course, the beer didn't help."

We hurried down the street to the restaurant, which served a fancy-ish take on Korean food. We had to wait for our table for a moment when we arrived, and she leaned against the wall, arms and legs crossed, with an expression on her face that I read as "I am uncomfortable but amused by how ridiculous this situation is." When we were eventually seated, I nodded my head to the left and said, "I think I saw the bathroom over —"

"Don't worry about it," she said. "I'm hungry! I don't want to go in there and miss the waiter."

She studied the menu carefully, all the while shifting her torso back and forth. I assumed her legs remained tightly crossed beneath the table; I could see one of her feet jiggling.

After she had decided what she wanted to eat and selected a bottle from the wine list, we picked up our conversation from the bar — we were both fans of the midwest living on the east coast, and were discussing the merits of various cities — while we waited for the waiter. She danced her sitting pee dance all the while, at one point cautioning me not to make her laugh.

Finally, the waiter materialized, and she gave him her order. As soon as he departed she said, "ok, it's time," and walked with a rapid, stiff-legged stride toward the bathroom. I studied the restaurant a bit, then glanced over in the direction she had walked. There was a line, apparently. She was leaning against the wall, tapping her hands anxiously against her thighs. She saw my gaze, made eye contact, and put her hand between her legs, gripping herself and bending over slightly, mouthing a silent scream for my benefit.

* * *

Three hours and a bottle and a half of wine later, I struggled with the keys to my apartment. As we walked in, holding hands, she nuzzled my neck, I turned to face her, and one thing lead to another. We collapsed on the couch, kissing, and kept that up for awhile. Momentum was building. Shirts came off. Her hand went into my pants, and I struggled to undo her black jeans. When I got my hand between her thighs, she was wet — really wet. Was that all from a good conversation and a bit of kissing? Or was there something else?

She told me, as we shed our clothes, that she didn't want to have sex that night — she had a rule about waiting until the fifth date. But we kept busy in other ways for an hour or two. We eventually pulled ourselves apart. She laid back against my couch in her white bra and underwear — simple Jockey-brand briefs — I in my now-heavily-rumpled boxer shorts.

"This is hot," she said, "but I've got to pee. All that wine. And beer. And water." She patted her stomach. "Where's your bathroom?" she asked. And then, raising an eyebrow, asked, "Is it clean?"

"I knew you might come over, and you had mentioned that you were a 'tiny bit OCD.' So I cleaned it today," I said. "It's sparkling. We could have eaten our dinner off the floor."

She laughed. "Oh my god, don't make me laugh!" she groaned, her hand gripping her crotch over her cotton underwear. "I warned you about that! For me, a full bladder and humor don't mix."

I decided to level with her. I had just gotten out of a relationship in which my partner wasn't comfortable talking about pee. This girl, clearly, was. And I was a little tipsy. And we were sitting there in our underwear, sweaty from a make-out session. So, out with it, I thought.

"I think it's hot when someone has to pee," I said.

"Oh yeah?"

"Yeah.

"Well, that's fantastic. Because, as you've probably notice, I end up holding my pee a lot. And I really like you."

That was it? No discomfort? No sideways looks? Just, "that's fantastic"? This was extremely exciting.

I kissed her, and pretty soon we were all over each other again. I put my hand between her legs, and again felt wetness. I was sure — this was new wetness. She broke away from the kiss.

"Um, I may have peed a little. When you made me laugh. Sorry! I warned you!"

"I love it when a woman with a full bladder pees a little," I said breathlessly.

She laughed again. "Well, great!"

More kissing.

"Would it turn you on to know that I also peed when you made me laugh at the bar? And again at the restaurant?" she asked.

"Yes," I said. "That would turn me on quite a bit."

"It was just a little bit," she continued. "But it helped me hold it for longer. I don't really mind when I pee a little bit. I'd rather have a little bit of my own pee get on me than use a dirty bathroom and potentially sit in someone else's pee. Sometimes, when I'm out with my ladies, I'll hold my pee for hours and leak more than once." She paused thoughtfully while rocking gently from side to side. "Though, I guess I also leaked more than once tonight. I was really full."

"Oh my god," I gasped, my eyes flicking between hers and the front of her underwear, where there was a hint of the wet spot I held felt between her now-tightly clasped legs. I couldn't take much more of this kind of talk.

But she continued. "And would it turn you on to know that I was holding myself when I got home after our first date?" She was sitting up, eyes sparkling, enjoying what she was doing to me. "I almost leaked as I was walking up the stairs to my apartment. I had to stop in order to keep it in. I had my hand between my legs, like this." Again, she gripped her slightly damp crotch and rubbed her legs together. "When I got in the door, I ran to the bathroom. My roommate tried to ask me about my day, and at first I crossed my legs and tried to be polite, but then I told her she had to wait because I was literally on the verge of pissing in my clothing. She just laughed, because I come home that way all the time."

"What you're saying is going to make me cum."

"Amazing," she said. "If a full bladder turns you on, I never have to worry about mentioning that I have one. Not that I ever worry about it anyway. Now, tell me where your bathroom is, before I get your stuff wet."

Once the bathroom door was closed and she began peeing — it sounded like it went on for almost a minute — I sat back, dazed that this gorgeous person, with whom I could have seemingly inexhaustible conversations, apparently lived her life with a full bladder, and apparently was willing to use that to turn me on.

...I've got plans for a second part...

*003*2018-10-24 02:04

It was a Friday night and I had decided to stay in. I was exhausted, and could use some time to myself. So I was sitting at my computer, catching up on email and picking at some leftover takeout when I got her text.

“Hey, I think I’m in your neighborhood,” it read.

I hadn’t seen her in a week… or maybe two. After confessing that her proclivity for holding a full bladder lined up nicely with my proclivity for watching women hold full bladders, we had seen each other twice more. Neither time involved any desperation, but both were enjoyable and emotionally rewarding. Both ended with some kissing and removal of clothes. Our relationship seemed to be headed somewhere.

And then she was off on a work trip for a week, and I was swamped with my own work for another. That brought us to today.

“Yeah?” I texted back. “Where?”

“3rd ave and 1st,” came the reply, a minute or two later.

We had vague plans to hang out this weekend but hadn’t hammered out anything specific. She said she’d get in touch Saturday after spending Friday out with her girlfriends. That night out, apparently, had brought her nearby.

“What are you up to?” I asked

“Drinking ,” she texted back. I asked her where and she told me the name of the bar. She was right: It was a block and a half from my apartment.

Another text: “I think this bar tender is hitting on me.”

“Why would you think that?”

“I dunno. He keeps giving me free drinks.”

And a follow up: “He keeps giving *all of us* free drinks. But he keeps talking right at me.”

“Are you into it?” I ask.

“Nah. He think he’s so cool,” she texted back. “He’s not so cool.”

I snorted with laughter and turned back to what I was doing. I was plowing through my email inbox a good 30 minutes later when another text came.

“I gotta pisssssss.”

My heart skipped. Something about that phrasing. I waited to see if she would send a follow up, but she didn’t.

“Yeah?” I sent back noncommittally.

“My bladder is brimming,” she replied. That was a weird enough way to say it that I knew she was trying to get my attention.

“You should probably pee,” I texted.

“I can’t! I’ve explained this to you!” She texted back. “Bar bathrooms are too dirty!”

A pause. Then another text.

“All of my friends think I’m ridiculous. I’m dancing !!”

She had my full attention at this point.

“They know you have to pee?” I asked, dumbly.

The replies came in quick succession: “Yes! I keep telling them!”

“They’re like, go!”

“And I’m like, I can’t! You know I can’t.”

“So I’m just standing here dancing around.”

“Dribbling pee.”

That last bit was too much. I’m a sucker for leaking. I had to see her in her wet underwear. It was absolutely necessary.

“You could come use my bathroom, you know,” I replied.

“I suppose I could,” she replied.

“It’s very clean. And it would be great to see you,” I said.

“And I suppose my current state does nothing to sweeten the deal?” she texted back.

“I have to admit, it crossed my mind,” I replied.

“Luckily for you, I don’t really have a choice,” she replied. “I’m going to be a bit damp by the time I get home.”

“I thought you said you were already a bit damp.”

“I may have been exaggerating for emphasis. Or maybe I wasn’t. You’ll just have to wait to find out.” Then, another ""

It was only 20 minutes later that my buzzer rang. I opened the door and she stood there, one leg crossed over the other beneath a black jean skirt that ran midway down her thighs. Her tight white shirt looked like it might actually be the upper half of a leotard. She was swaying from side to side, one leg crossed tightly over the other. Her face had a devilish grin.

“Come on in,” I said.

“Thanks,” she replied, slowly. She shimmied into the apartment, thighs close together.

“Well,” I said. “You know where the bathroom is.”

“I’m starving,” she said, ignoring me. “What do you have to eat?”

“Um.” I was surprised, and pleased, by how this was developing. “I have some leftovers. Leftover Thai food, I think. Or, what else...?” I opened my refrigerator door. There wasn’t a lot. “Or I could make you… eggs?”

“Thai sounds great. What are you up to?”

I emptied the food from its take-out container onto a plate and popped it in the microwave, extremely aware that she was standing, leaning against my kitchen counter, swaying, trapped inside what was probably a leotard, and that that leotard may have a pee stain on the crotch. “Just working. Not having anywhere near the kind of fun it seems like you are.”

“Well I’m here now, and I’ve brought the fun. Have anything to drink?”

“Got some beer,” I said, holding one up. “Could open a bottle of wine. Or some whiskey?”

“Whiskey would be great, yeah,” she said.

“Ok. Whiskey and Thai food it is,” I said, plunking some ice cubes into two glasses. I uncorked a bottle, and poured a little over each glass. She let out a low soft sound as the liquid trickled over the cubes, and pushed two fingers against her skirt, over her crotch. I wasn’t sure whether or not that was for my benefit, or a necessity, or both. I held out the glass and she stepped forward to accept it. I put my arm around her, sweeping her into a momentarily awkward kiss that she, after getting over her surprise, returned enthusiastically. I slipped my hands down her back to her hips, which were moving rhythmically in tight little circles beneath her jean skirt.

“Thank you for saving me from peeing myself,” she said into my mouth between kisses, with more than a hint of sarcasm.

“Well, I couldn’t just let you explode,” I replied. “Are you… going to do something about your situation?”

“Now that there’s a toilet near by it doesn’t seem as important,” she said, straining credulity. This girl was obviously quite uncomfortable. Then: “Do you have roof access? I want to see what the city looks like from here.”

…to be continued… hopefully more quickly, this time, than fifteen months….

*005*2019-07-26 05:03

We stood on my roof looking out over the city. Or, rather, she was looking out over the city. I was looking at her. She was moving constantly: She bent her right leg, dipped, stood up straight, bent her left leg. I tried not to stare.

“How’s the view?” I asked.

“Amazing,” she said.

I sidled up next to her as she took in the view and wrapped my arm around her waist. My right palm settled against her taught belly and I traced my fingers over it through her white shirt/potential onesie.

That made her freak out. She squirmed, turned 270 degrees while staying within my arm, and buried her face in my neck while simultaneously burying her hand in her crotch beneath her black skirt.

“Don’t you fucking dare,” she whispered into my ear. “Don’t you fucking dare tickle me when I’m this full, or get anywhere near my bladder.”

“It was an accident, really,” I lied.

“I don’t believe that at all,” she breathed onto my neck. Things were escalating quickly. She removed her hand from her crotch and instead straddled my leg. Holy shit.

“Tell me,” I said, not believing my luck, terribly aroused, and wanting more. “How did you become someone who lets your bladder get this full on a regular basis?” Stories from one’s past might not be the best way to ride a wave of sexual tension, but I was pretty sure that these details were ones I wanted to hear.

“Well, in high school the bathrooms were awful. So I stopped going.”

“You stopped going?”

“Yes, I just stopped. I started waiting all day rather than sit in pee, or worse.”

“I bet that took some adjusting.”

“From lunchtime on I was squirming. By the time I got home things were in a dangerous place. But I got better and better at holding. My bladder is large. By now, leaks are rare.”

I exhaled haltingly.

“And because I look so cute in skirts, I have less to worry about than if I were a pants-all-the-time person.”

“Can you explain what you mean by that?” I asked, as if I didn’t get it.

“Well,” she said in a falsely innocent voice, playing along gamely, “It means if I leak it’s not the end of the world.”

I kissed her full on the mouth and she responded eagerly. I held her closer, subtly pressing with my torso against her bladder. I felt her twist, I felt her grip my leg more tightly between hers, I felt her rub against it a bit, and then I felt warmth. She jumped back. I gripped my leg as if she had burned me. There was a quarter-size wet spot on my jeans.

“Did you just pee?” I asked.

“Who knows?” she asked, walking aggressively in place, her voice an octave higher. “I’m wearing a skirt! No one can tell!”

“You’re fucking amazing,” I said.

“Are there any good places to grab another drink around here?” she asked. “Not the place with the annoying bartender. Another place. Somewhere you like. The night is young!”

*010*2019-09-18 05:40

We perched on our bar stools looking into each other's eyes. Or, I perched. She ground herself into it.

I was all in. Her short brown hair. Her sideways, mischievous smile. Her probably, almost certainly, overflowing bladder. Her playfulness. I was here for all of it.

It was after 2 a.m. in my corner dive; tunes were blaring in the mostly empty bar. We were illuminated by a red neon light. A few drunk college students and a handful of the bartender's buddies made up the clientele at this hour. I knew some of them, but not well enough, thankfully, that any of them was likely to interrupt this weird, erotic adventure I was on. The bartender set down a beer and a shot in front of each of us. We clinked our shot glasses together and drank up. She coughed at the bite of the whiskey, and chased it with a sip of beer.

"Ooh. Coughing. Not great right now," she said, giving her crotch a quick grab between her tightly pretzeled, ever-moving legs.

"You're driving me crazy," I announced.

"Oh, well, that's sweet," she said.

"You're amazing," I said. "But I was referring specifically to your... state."

"The chair helps," she said. "Sitting helps."

"It looks like you're putting it to use," I said, glancing down at her grinding hips.

She looked thoughtful. One thing I marveled at with this girl was how she could stay so engaged, so present, while presumably on the verge of wetting her underwear.

She moved her lips close to my ear. "I'm going to tell you a secret," she said. "I'm going to tell you why I'm letting what's happening between us right now happen."

I held my breath.

"It's because what I'm doing right now... with the chair... feels... good."

My heart skipped.

"When I hold it for a really, really long time — when I hold it until I can barely hold on, until I'm not holding on — it feels really, really, really good."

I still wasn't breathing. I just listened. She continued to whisper over the blare of the of the bar tunes:

"When you told me you liked when girls held it, I couldn't not think about the possibility of exploring this."

She sat upright, looking at me, the mischievous glint shining brighter in her eye. She saw what she was doing to me.

"I wasn't planning to tell you tonight," she said, talking at regular volume now. "I wasn't even sure whether to tell you at all. But here we are. I decided just now that I wanted to. I trust you. We're having fun. And the drinks helped." She took another sip of beer.

I still wasn't breathing. I had to breathe. I coughed. I started breathing again. Holy shit.

"Have you ever shared this with anyone?" I asked.

"Well, I've never told anyone," she replied. "With boyfriends I've waited. Because of the thrill. I've held my pee in. But the thing is... for it to feel good, I have to be very, very full."

"As you are now," I pointed out, helpfully.

"As I am now. And when I'm that full, and I'm doing anything — if I'm out on a date, walking around, doing anything really — there's a chance... I might..." She winced. "Pee a little? Because I'm so full?"

"Reasonable," I said.

"So, in the past I've held a full bladder, and held it, and held it, if I knew I was going to maybe be getting naked with someone that night. Because it's exciting. It makes it better, to have been holding for hours beforehand. But, it's also complicated. What if I leak? I always bring extra underwear."

I was rapt.

"So let's say things are getting hot and heavy," she continued. "We're making out, we're touching each other, I'm dying to pee, my bladder is about to overflow, so on and so forth. Before we, uh, get in bed, I have to interrupt things. I have to go empty my bladder. I don't want to pee on anyone who isn't expecting to be peed on. I don't want to take off my pants and show off underwear I've been leaking into. I never reveal that I'm holding. So I go pee. I change my underwear. And then that's that. I come back out of the bathroom. We move forward. But the excitement is — interrupted.

"So, no," she concluded. "I've never shared this with anyone. Not really. I've never told anyone, and I've never, erm, held it all the way to bed."

She paused, thoughtful, then leaned back in, whispering again. "I mean, I've gotten off while full of piss," she said quickly, clarifying. "So many times. But never with anyone else."

She leaned back again. We looked at each other. Even though she knew — she had to know — that I was basically dying from arousal, she seemed a bit nervous about having revealed this secret. We both took a sip of our beers. She was positively vibrating in her rapid bladder-holding chair-dance. I wondered if anyone else was noticing.

"I cannot believe how amazing this. I am so fucking happy," I said, "that you are sharing this with me."

She was visibly relieved.

"I have been waiting for someone to say everything you just said for my whole adult life," I said. "Basically, what this, I think, means, is: you are the woman of my dreams."

She smiled, then laughed, then laughed more. "Okay, okay take it easy," she said, still laughing and gripping her crotch for dear life. "Enough compliments."

"I'll take it easy," I agreed, also laughing.

"Well," she said. She was relaxed again, playful. "If you're game, there are some things I think we should try."

*024*2019-11-18 01:28

I open my eyes. Her face is inches from mine, her brown hair splayed on the pillow, a few strands reaching me. She is still sleeping, her even breaths brushing softly against my face.

I can't believe what happened last night. If she weren't lying here next to me, I might have assumed it was a dream. An overwhelmingly sexy dream.

Her body is mostly hidden by covers. With my hand I trace the contours of her skin, my fingers glancing down her shoulder, over her torso, over her belly, down to her thigh. She's wearing underwear, but nothing else. It's dry. She must have put on the spare pair she carries in her purse at some point during the night.

Her eyes open. "Hi," she says, smiling.

"Good morning," I reply.

She rolls toward me and we kiss, limbs intertwining, arms wrapped around each other, bodies rubbing together. After a minute or so of this we pull apart.

"So, last night," I begin, smiling.

She looks me in the eye. "Lets make sure we do that again," she whispers. Then she stands up and stretches. I admire her body — her hair falling over her shoulders, her breasts, her slender frame clad only in a pair smallish white panties. I wonder if the slight roundness above their waistband is a full bladder. We did, after all, spend half the night drinking. I felt pretty full myself.

"Ooh," she said, curtsying, as if reading my mind. "Gotta pee."

She looks me in the eye. "You don't mind if I go, do you?" She's teasing me. She walks out of my room and down the hall. I hear the bathroom door close.

I look around. Elements of her outfit from last night — the black jean skirt, Chelsea boots, and white body suit — are strewn about, as are my clothes, discarded in a rush. The body suit looks mostly dry by now, though the yellow tint of the lower half makes it absolutely clear what kind of night it has seen.

* * *

It was pushing toward 2:30 a.m. in the bar when she demanded we leave. She had just revealed to me her love of a full bladder, and I was reveling in this conversation with a woman who had a decade plus of pee holding stories — sometimes making it, sometimes not quite. She had explained to me that she particularly made a point of holding it when she knew sex was imminent, slipping away to the bathroom just before getting into bed. For her, it was a tricky balance between maximizing enjoyment and exposing her secret.

"What was the closest anyone ever came to finding out?" I asked.

"Huh," she thought for a minute, flapping her legs rhythmically on the bar stool to contain her bladder.

"Oh. I know. I was in college," she said. "I was drinking beers in my friend Sam's dorm room. She was into girls, and I was kind of curious about what it might be like to be with a girl. It seemed like things were headed in that direction so I decided to hold it, knowing that having a full bladder would just make the experience more memorable.

"But we were both shy, I guess. It kept not happening. The night kept going. We kept drinking. I think we went through an entire case of PBRs.

"And so we got super drunk, and my bladder got super full. We were cuddling in her bed, having one of those drunk college talks about capitalism, the patriarchy, the meaning of life, all that. And it seemed at any moment we might kiss. We kept locking eyes expectantly.

"But I had to pee so, so, so bad. I remember that I kept discretely trying to hold myself, and that I kept leaking. But also, the whole situation was making me incredibly turned on. My extremely full bladder was a big part of that. This was pretty early in my sexual discovery and I hadn't really figured out how to balance the pee thing with the need to not embarrass myself by revealing it to people.

"I remember at one point I felt like I leaked for a solid second, and I reached down and felt my crotch. I remember I was wearing these black athletic shorts and I figured it wouldn't show, so I was allowing myself to be a little careless. But I was definitely wet. Not just in my underwear but the shorts themselves. I rubbed my crotch and it felt soaked. And somehow the combination of the drunkenness and feeling the wetness made me pee again, for, like, another second, and then again, and I was like, 'holy fuck, I'm about to pee my pants for real in Sam's bed.'

"And so I sort of casually excused myself, slipped out the door, and then dashed down the hallway to the bathroom. Pee was basically shooting out of me with ever other step. I remember thinking 'I am a pee grenade.' A good, drunken analogy. I remember when I got to the toilet I peed for like a minute, and the whole time I was looking down at my underwear, which was soaked."

"What kind of underwear was it?" I asked. I kind of have an underwear thing, especially when it comes to pee. I couldn't not ask.

"I have this image, like, frozen in my head: me peeing on the toilet, looking down at my underwear around my ankles," she said. "They were these lacy blue things. Might have been a thong. Not really the kind of thing you want to wear if you're planning on holding your pee. Which I hadn't been. I was going more for 'sexy,' probably. I remember being impressed by how thoroughly wet it was, I guess as a result of leaking just a little bit at a time for like the whole fucking night while rolling around on her bed and then sprinting down the hallway squirting pee. There was barely a dry part."

My eyes must have been bulging out of my head at that description. She just smiled and kept telling her story.

"And so I was like, 'what the fuck am I going to do?' Most people in this situation might just bail, Irish exit, go home, come up with an excuse in the morning. But I wasn't just drunk in pee-soaked underwear, I was drunk and extremely turned on because of the bursting-bladder situation that had led to that pee-soaked underwear. And so I came up with a plan: I was in my dorm bathroom, where I showered, and so I had a towel hanging on the wall. I stripped naked, rolled my wet underwear up in my other clothes, wrapped myself in the towel, and walked back to Sam's room."

"What did she do?" I asked.

"She, fortunately, saw my naked arrival as a signal that it was time for what we had been putting off all night. Sam, like, launched herself at me."

I snorted with laughter.

"She basically tackled me." Now we both laughed, and we kept laughing.

"The actually funny thing is," she continued through her laughter, "I guess I somehow still had some pee in me, because when Sam's body, like, plowed into mine, I peed a little more. I was surprised that after peeing for forever, I still wasn't empty. But I don't think she noticed. I think the towel absorbed it, and Sam was focused on getting that towel off."

We kept laughing. She clamped her legs together. "This is bad, I gotta stop laughing," she said. But we didn't. It was one of those weird things that can happen late at night, maybe after a few drinks. I was pounding the bar, tears were streaming down her face. We were laughing at her story, but also at this night, this situation, the two of us finding each other, the absurdity of this absurd fetish, the relief of sharing it with someone. The bartender cast a glance our way. I hoped we didn't look too nuts.

"Fuck, fuck, fuck," she whispered. She unwrapped her legs, shoved her hand into her crotch. I caught a glimpse of white beneath her black jean skirt. She slid off the barstool and stood up, pretzeling her legs. She leaned over to me, and whispered in my ear: "I've got to get out of here."

"Pay the bill," she continued. "I'll meet you outside. Let's go to your place."

Though a moment ago she was frantic, she now walked calmly toward the door with a practiced composure. If you hadn't been looking closely, you wouldn't have noticed her tightly clenched fists.

But I was looking closely. And though It was dark, I could have sworn that in the red neon light I saw a single drop run from beneath her skirt, down her leg, into her boot.

...more to come...

