The Human's Room 2: The Hike

Author: jb2ja

*000*2023-06-01 16:00

This is a continuation of The Human’s Room

, sponsored by one of my readers.

The Human’s Room 2: The Hike

###

Toby’s heart pounded as he desperately ran through the woods, twigs snagging on his clothes. A branch scratched his face. He wasn’t paying attention to where he was going. He just had to get away. A tree crashed down behind him, a thick plume of smoke rising into the air. Pretty soon, the evidence of his crime would be visible from at least a quarter kellitrack away. And it wouldn’t be hard to pin it on him. A Human, in the woods, with no pants.

Well, that wasn’t entirely true. His trousers hadn’t completely vaporized. He still had the waistband and enough of the back to almost cover his butt. And a singed cuff of fabric around his left ankle. Had he thought this through better he might have pulled his pants out of the way before his criminal act, but at the time he’d only been concerned with getting away from Kyrana.

This whole outing had been a terrible mistake. He’d known it was when Kyrana first suggested it, but he hadn’t wanted to disappoint her.

* * *

“The Goralan lake?,” Toby repeated, hesitating. Humans didn’t normally take long sightseeing tours out of town. “How long do you think we’d be gone?”

“It’s a bit of a trek,” Kyrana admitted, “but it’s so completely worth it.”

“I can’t really… get away… for too long,” Toby had told her, dancing around the exact cause of his concern. The truth was that he’d love to go anywhere with her apart from one little logistical challenge: He occasionally needed to pee. And Human-rated toilets weren’t easy to come by outside of their little world at T’Naka College.

There were two Human-rated toilets on the college campus, and one more on the edge of town. How far is that from the lake?, Toby tried to do some quick mental math. If he borrowed a bicycle, he could get from the lake to the toilet in, what, ten minutes? Maybe fifteen? And then how long would the line be? Another ten or fifteen minutes? Then ten or fifteen to get back. That all added up to rather a long intermission in the middle of a date. How long could he abandon Kyrana and still expect her to be there when he got back?

“We can make a day of it,” she almost pleaded, completely ignorant of the cause of Toby’s hesitation. “I’ll pack a lunch for us,” she offered. But Toby wasn’t responding with the enthusiasm she’d expected. Her face fell and her antennae started to droop in disappointment as she wondered if she’d misread him this whole time. What else was Toby supposed to do? There was no choice but to accept. If he really needed to pee while they were out there then he’d just have to pedal quickly. Besides, he was used to holding it. It probably wouldn’t come to that.

And so they’d set out the next morning on the trail that led from their university campus to the small nature park alongside the lake. Toby had been able to get his hands on a bicycle by calling in a favor from Alara, a Human friend who hadn’t really approved of his plan but had reluctantly reasoned that it was a better idea with a bicycle than without one.

Kyrana frowned when Toby arrived with the bicycle. Was she supposed to have brought her bicycle too? The lake was a little bit of a hike from campus, granted, but she’d thought they might pass the time as a leisurely nature walk with some friendly conversation rather than compress the journey into a sweaty workout. “Are you in a hurry to get there?,” she asked, gesturing toward the machine.

“Oh… umm, no,” Toby grasped for an explanation. He’d been so busy trying to think through the how that he hadn’t figured out an explanation for the why. “I just… thought we should have one with us in case… you need me to pop over to the market on the way for supplies or anything like that.”

Kyrana almost laughed. Toby made it sound like they were going on a wilderness expedition rather than an afternoon picnic. But she made an effort to act like it was a reasonable enough thing to do. Maybe it was part of the Human culture to be prepared. She didn’t want to embarrass him.

And, as it turned out, the bicycle did actually prove useful, in a way. Toby strapped the picnic basket that Kyrana had prepared to the handlebars so that neither of them would have to carry it directly. It was rather a heavy basket, she had to admit. Maybe she hadn’t packed the most sensible lunch. But they set out, Toby walking the bicycle on one side of him while Kyrana flanked him on the other.

The walk passed quickly and they chose a grassy spot in the sun for their meal. “I hope you like spicy foods,” Kyrana smiled as she set out the food on their blanket. “This is Tarepsah, one of my very favorite foods growing up – my father taught me to make it.”

Toby examined the main entree, a flatbread stuffed with a variety of ingredients. Some of them looked familiar, some of them less so.

“It’s a little spicy,” Kyrana explained as she uncorked a bottle and poured them each a large glass of a yellowish liquid, “but the juice has this most fantastic cooling effect – My father would even dip the tarepsah right in the juice as he ate it, although I think it’s better to alternate so you experience both sensations fully.”

* * *

Toby enjoyed both the tarepsah and the conversation, but as time passed he became less aware of the sensations in his mouth and more aware of those in a somewhat lower part of his body. It wasn’t exactly a surprise. He’d let his guard down and he’d known it. He was usually pretty conscientious about pacing his liquid intake, but this tarepsah of Kyrana’s really was quite spicy – delicious, but spicy, at least by Human standards. And the juice was actually quite good in its own right—a blend of three different juices prepared according to a secret family recipe that Toby was beginning to suspect involved some fermentation. Toby tried to discreetly tuck his penis between his legs to put some counterpressure on it. He was going to need that bicycle after all, he realized, but perhaps he could make it slightly less awkward by at least waiting for a natural interruption in the conversation.

@@Another hour passed and, although his bladder was increasingly sending signals of distress, he still hadn’t quite worked out how he was going to break the news. He’d had to interrupt a date once before for this reason, back in his hometown. A Human town, he hadn’t had nearly as far to go to find relief, but it still had a way of breaking the magic between him and the Human girl he’d been out with. It just didn’t send the right message, having something more important than her to attend to. A girl liked to feel like she was the center of her guy’s world. And, honestly, a Human girl at least – Toby didn’t know if this applied to Mictaran girls as well – liked a man who could hold his liquids. Even setting aside the practical advantages, most Human girls thought there was something kind of sexy about a guy who could hold it in. And, with the basement of their dormitory serving as the chief hangout spot among its residents, the girls of T’Linka hall definitely noticed how often they did – or didn’t – see each of the guys standing in line for relief. Rumor had it the girls even kept a logbook monitoring each of their performance, tracking the worthiest (and unworthiest) guys there. Maybe Kyrana would actually be kinder about all this than a Human girl would be, Toby told himself as he prepared for the moment of truth. He couldn’t wait any longer. He had to piss, even more badly than he had on that previous date.

“So, um…,” Toby shifted the topic awkwardly, “I’m sorry but could you excuse me for a few moments?.” He blushed, but there was really no way out of this but to say it: “I wouldn’t ask, except I really need to, um… relieve myself.” He steeled himself as he waited for the disappointment in her eyes.

Except disappointment didn’t come. Instead, a wave of relief flooded across her face. “Oh, thank goodness,” Kyrana breathed a sigh of relief, “I didn’t want to say it but I’m absolutely bursting for a wee too.” Toby had been too distracted by his own distended bladder to notice, but to the keen observer of Mictaran body language Kyrana had been needing to go for a while now. The antennae especially gave it away, if you knew what to look for. Normally swaying around slowly surveilling her surroundings, they’d first locked themselves in a forward position – the result of a conscious effort to focus on Toby rather than her bladder – and then started drifting toward each other as though trying to tie themselves into a knot if only they were long enough to reach.

Toby was slightly astounded by her frankness. A Human girl wouldn’t have admitted to a full bladder after he’d already shown his cards, would’ve played it cool while she pretended to get in line with him simply because they were there to attend to his silly need. The guys might not keep a logbook, but a girl still wanted to show a guy that she could wait with the best of them too. Maybe this was a nice little advantage to dating a Mictaran, he thought, not being judged on the size of his bladder, which he figured to only be average at best.

The pair lifted their bodies up gently. Kyrana made a start toward the outhouse they’d passed on their way in, but stopped for a moment when Toby didn’t follow.

“I need to go this other way,” Toby gestured off into the distance vaguely. “It’s a bit further out for me,” he half mumbled, “I might be a little longer.

Of course, Kyrana thought to herself. Humans use different toilets. “Take your time,” she smiled before heading down the path. She had less than a hundred yards to walk. You could see her destination from their picnic site. It was only a simple outhouse. Some of the Mictaran males, he’d noticed, disappeared into the woods to pee rather than use it. Toby rather fervently wished he could do the same, but at least he had a plan.

As Kyrana walked off, Toby lifted his borrowed bicycle from the ground, climbed atop it, and started pedaling.

Kyrana was inside the outhouse in short order, pulling down her pants and hovering her bare blue butt over the opening so as to avoid direct contact. She would’ve prefered to wait until less austere facilities were available, but she’d had to piss so badly that it just wasn’t up for debate. She braced her arms against the planks of the outhouse to maintain her hovering position as the urge to go limp from the rapture of finally letting it out swept across her entire body. Even her antennae collapsed backward against her head as she pissed for what seemed like an eternity.

Toby, meanwhile, had made it about fifty yards before he realized something didn’t feel right. There was too much resistance. And it was getting worse. He dismounted to inspect, but that was little more than a formality at this point. He already knew what the issue was. His front tire was flat. And that pressure in his lower abdomen, that tickle he felt at the base of his penis, they were only going to get worse.

Kyrana didn’t give any thought to the fact that Toby was at their spot waiting for her when she returned, freshly relieved. “More juice?,” she offered as they sat back down.

“No, I… I’ve had enough, thanks,” Toby responded as he tried and failed to find a comfortable position in which to sit.

The two talked a little longer as Toby anxiously debated how long he could afford to draw this out. He was usually pretty good at holding it in. On an ordinary day, his morning pee would have been at least an hour earlier than it had been today, and he’d still be about three or four hours out from doing it again. But he normally didn’t drink even a third as much as he had on this day. Kyrana’s juice blend had been a little too good at quenching the spiciness of the food. It was his own fault for not pacing himself properly, but the fact remained that he really, really had to piss.

“Well, it’s a long walk back,” Toby tried to make it sound natural. “Maybe we should get going.”

“Oh,” Kyrana responded, a little surprised and disappointed, “um… okay.” Ending their date hadn’t been at the forefront of her mind. Quite honestly, she would’ve liked for it to last a while longer. But they’d been together for a number of hours, so she couldn’t exactly accuse him of cutting it short. And it was their first real date. It was perhaps inevitable that it would end with her still wanting more. But it would have been nice to think he’d been wanting more too. She hoped he wasn’t becoming bored with her already.

The pair packed up their things and loaded the basket back onto the front of Toby’s bicycle. The flat tire made it a bit more awkward to drag along beside him, but – especially with the drink bottles now mostly empty – the basket weighed less than it had earlier, and quite a good deal less than a person.

* * *

Toby struggled to keep pace with Kyrana as his bladder seemed to become more distended with each step. He was in agony.

“Are you okay?,” Kyrana asked the question she’d been holding in for twenty minutes now. He looked like he was in physical pain. She’d made a point of not putting any tarok root in the food. She knew Humans were allergic to it – not dangerously allergic, but enough to make them congested and puffy and uncomfortable.

“Oh, um,” Toby scrambled for something to say that wasn’t a lie. But all he could think of was to say it. “I’ll be okay… I just… need to use the toilet.”

Kyrana almost burst out in laughter at the absurdity of what she’d just heard. She’d been concerned that he was either falling ill or that she’d somehow said something so wrong that he could no longer enjoy himself. And all he wanted was to take a leak. But that quickly lead to another thought that made her eyes widen in concern. He wouldn’t actually do it, would he? She stopped walking. Suddenly she was the one feeling uncomfortable.

“You… you can’t do that here,” Kyrana stammered hesitantly, her eyes flitting between his face and body, looking for any hint of an expression or any signal of body language that might tell her what was about to happen. Human pee is dangerous. Letting it out here would be illegal. He knows that, right? Of course he knows that. So he would never do that… right? Kyrana began to question how well she really knew him. They were still getting to know each other, but Toby seemed like a good guy. He wouldn’t end our date with a felony. Would he? She could get into serious trouble just for being an accessory to that.

“I know,” Toby nodded, trying to put on his most calming and reassuring face. But the truth was that he felt anything but calm. He’d been debating his options internally for some time now, trying to figure out if there was any way to give Kyrana the slip. But even if he did, what difference would it make? He couldn’t run. He could barely even walk with his bladder swelled to the size of a Gorkal Melon. And they were still at least half a kellitrack from the university. He knew he wasn’t going to make it back at this pace, but he didn’t know what other option he had. The glass bottles in their basket wouldn’t last ten seconds with Human urine inside them, and nothing in the forest around them would fare much better. Could he spread it out, releasing just a drop here and there, leaving a trail of scorch marks through the forest?

“Well, let’s keep moving,” Kyrana suggested awkwardly. “I could do with another wee soon myself,” she admitted, trying to sympathize with him. She really didn’t have to go very badly, but all that juice was just starting to catch up with her again, and she hoped that perhaps Toby would be a little calmer if they were in this together. The last thing she needed was for him to lose his head right now.

But, of course, Kyrana failed to realize that for Toby this wasn’t just another wee. She didn’t know that the bicycle had been an integral part of his relief plan, or that he hadn’t had a piss during their entire day together. But Toby couldn’t forget it.

He managed to maintain the charade for a few more minutes before he knew his time was up. He was grabbing himself at this point, desperately squeezing to hold back the flood with one hand while the other tried awkwardly to keep tugging the bicycle along. Kyrana had stopped trying to talk to him. He supposed he hadn’t been much of a conversationalist, but every ounce of his mental energy had been focused on not pissing himself. And it wasn’t good enough.

He involuntary dropped his bicycle to the ground as the urge overtook him. He wrapped both his hands, one around the other, over his tortured penis and squeezed as tightly as he could. But it was no use. His tortured bladder couldn’t take it anymore.

Toby gave half a moment’s thought to trying to say something, anything, to Kyrana that could make this better but there were no words to fix this. He plunged into the forest, searching desperately for some cover.

And then there was smoke.

