The Fairer Sex

Author: Jimmy Olsen

*000*2018-12-07 05:41

Another one from the vault. 

Mako walked into the restroom with as much confidence as she'd enter any room. Her first glance was at the row of toilet stalls. All three were occupied. 

"Damn," she said under her breath. She would have preferred it not come to this, but she'd known perfectly well it might, and was up to the task. With undiminished confidence, she leisurely cut a diagonal path across the square-tiled room and snatched at the paper towel dispenser, which surrendered her two jagged-edged rectangles with a deep rumble. Clutching the coffee-colored paper in her hand like a mouse in the talons of a hawk, she casually strolled up to the row of urinals, taking her place right between two that were presently occupied. 

The young user of the fixture on her left shifted his position shyly, giving himself more woman-free personal space, then tried to continue with his business, all while keeping his gaze off Mako and pretending that he hadn't noticed her. The reaction on the right was more overt. The man using that urinal jerked in surprise when he saw the appealingly-dressed woman walking up next to him. He quickly cut off his stream, and zipped up his fly after everything was tucked away. 

"Don't be ashamed," Mako said, shooting him a cocky smile. "It's not that small." He stood there, his face bubbling with several emotions, but he was obviously unsure how to express them to this stranger in this strange situation. 

Mako looked at the device she was about to make use of. She had seen a few urinals in her life, but had never paid much attention to them, since she'd never had to use one. It was a smooth, roughly rectangular piece of dull white ceramic. It began about two and a half feet off the floor with a trough that looked like the bleached mandible of a parrot. A vertical hood went up either side for about two feet until they met a horizontal mantle that proudly displayed the company logo and served as the foundation for a piece of corroded plumbing, shaped almost like an old fashioned pump, where the flush handle was located and where the source of the water for flushing met the porcelain fixture. 

As she sized it up, she spoke to her fellow restroom-users. "Well? Isn't anybody gonna ask what I'm doing here?" 

"This is the men's room, you..." 

"Yeah, I know what room this is," Mako said. "The urinals and penises clued me in." Having determined how to deal with a urine receptacle designed for a man, she spun around and prepared to relieve herself. "The line to the ladies' room is a mile long," she continued, "and I've got better things to do with my time than wait for a piss." 

"You can't just barge in here!" 

Mako zeroed in on the man's face with an intimidating glare. "I can do whatever I want, so far as there's nobody to force me not to." Without taking her eyes off him, she reached up into her skirt to pull her panties down to the bottom of her thighs. "I don't need any man to tell me what I am or am not permitted to do." She hiked her skirt up and thrust her bottom in the direction of the urinal, showing no modesty. "If you want a woman to act humble and meek at the sound of your voice, then go pay for a hooker." 

Without a word, the man left the room. 

"I hope he isn't employed here, because he didn't wash his hands," Mako quipped as she let loose on the urinal like a sandblaster on a wall. The other person at a urinal, who was still having some trouble completing his business, smiled nervously at this. The next thing that came out of Mako's mouth was an uninhibited moan of pleasure. For a few moments it looked like the woman was connected to the urinal by a rope of translucent yellow. The force of the evacuation caused her muscular thighs to become adorned with glistening droplets as some of her output ricocheted off the back of the urinal. 

Her impatient bladder was forcing so many milliliters out per second that her session with the device of male convenience was short. The almost solid-looking stream thinned out and bent downward, like water from a drinking fountain when pressure it taken off the button. Mako cut it off when it started to splatter on the floor. Then she wiped herself with the paper towels she'd taken. They were much more coarse than toilet paper, and her face betrayed a slight look of discomfort when she raked one of them across the most sensitive part of her body. She did the rest of the wiping much more gently. She kept the moist paper between two fingers on her left hand as she pulled up her panties and pushed down the handle to wash away her golden offerings to the porcelain god. She tossed it in the wastebasket on her way to the sinks. 

As Mako went to wash her hands, she again brushed elbows with the young man who'd used the urinal to her left. It was impossible for her not to notice the large, pointed bulge in his pants. 

"Enjoy the show?" she asked. 

"I...I wasn't looking." 

Once her hands were cleaned and dried by more of the brown paper towels, she pushed her way out the door, and relished the looks of surprise she got when she walked out of the men's room. 

*004*2018-12-15 07:44

{{On 12/7/2018 at 12:19 AM, bibibibi said: 

That was really good! I especially appreciated the buildup to the actual pissing. 

}}

Thanks! I try. 

{{On 12/8/2018 at 5:42 PM, Blurple said: 

Oh my this is amazing! Very well written! More women should use urinals. 

}}

Yes they should! 

*010*2023-01-21 11:48

{{On 1/18/2023 at 6:17 PM, bored2death said: 

BTW, is this Mako from Sailor Moon? 

}}

No I just named her Mako because it sounded tough. Maybe because it's a shark? I don't remember, but I'm sure I wasn't thinking of Makoto! 
