Puddle Cuddle Party

Author: JayLew

*000*2023-09-20 21:27

Note: This is a work of fiction, not necessarily set in the real world. Every time you criticize online fetish erotica for being unrealistic, a fairy gets tax audited. Think of the fairies!

There was no snow, but it was absolutely frigid outside. The thermometer on my car was reading seven degrees below zero, and it would surely get even colder before morning! I wondered how many people would be no-shows, either because their cars wouldn’t start or they just took two steps outside before they noped back in. From past stays, I knew Steve and Ellen’s house wasn’t drafty at all. And I knew the Big Bed Room would get very warm once everyone was snuggled in. But if it was only the three of us, and not the dozen or so who RSVPed, the party could get awkward.

I pulled off the freeway exit, along a route I knew fairly well by this point. My poor window defogger was working overtime to keep my windshield clear, my breath threatening to steam the car’s interior white. I was covered head to toe in multiple layers of coats, sweaters, gloves, boots, scarves… I was actually a little worried I would somehow freeze to death.

It was probably just pre-party anxiety. This was my third or fourth puddle sleepover, and every time I still got jitters that something would go horribly wrong. Either I wouldn’t get a good night’s sleep, or no one would want to hug me, or someone would get mad at me for getting them wet, or the whole thing would be revealed to be a hidden camera show. I turned into the residential area and tried to calm myself. I’d get there and it would be just like every other time. We’d change into our pajamas. Have some pizza and a few sodas. Listen to music. Maybe watch some anime, or maybe play video games. A few more sodas. Gossip. And then we’d all retire to the Big Bed Room. And everything there would be warm, soft, cuddly, wet, and lovely.

I turned the corner, and already I saw one fear was unfounded. There were already several cars parked in front of the house, and it was just now seven o’clock. I knew a few people would arrive “fashionably late,” so this was going to be a full house.

If the interior of my car was cold, the outside was absolutely insane. The wind was blowing, so I had to face backwards as I climbed out. Through my thick gloves, I scrambled to open my trunk to retrieve my small duffel bag with my clothes and toiletries, then I hurried up the lawn to the front door, not wanting to waste one more second in the horrible chill. As I approached the door, I could see a sign taped up:

“DON’T RING. JUST COME IN!”

That suited me fine. I didn’t even slow down. I quickly turned the knob and rushed in.

After I slammed the door shut and caught my breath, I could hear people chatting upstairs, probably in the other spare bedroom. (We had sort of a tradition that no one entered the Big Bed Room until bedtime.) “Hello?” I heard Ellen call before she poked her head down the staircase. She was already in her pajamas, a long mauve silk nightgown she’d worn at sleepovers before. “So who’s underneath all of that?”

I removed my hood and face scarf. “It’s Jay,” I said, partially to Ellen and partially to the others who couldn’t see me yet. “I thought you’d like this kind of weather,” Ellen teased. “Didn’t you grow up in Minnesota?”

“Yes, and I hated it back then too,” I said as I began the process of doffing my winter wear. “At least the roads are clear. I don’t know if I would’ve come if there were snow or ice.” Braving the puff of cold air I had let in, she came down and helped pull off my boots. “I’m glad I’m here, though. Thank you for having us.”

“I’m glad you’re here too. Thank you for coming. Can I have a hug?” Upon my nod, she reached under my unzipped coat and gave me a deep hug.

“We’re all upstairs. Trying to stay away from the front door. Once you’re done with your coat and boots and stuff, you can set it down here, then you can change into your PJ’s in the master bedroom and join us.”

My outerwear folded and placed in the living room, I followed Ellen upstairs. “If it’s all right with you, I’d like to keep my street clothes on for a while, just until I can get warm again.” I placed my duffel bag just inside the master bedroom door, where I could see other day bags and suitcases had already been stowed.

We came into the spare bedroom, converted into more of an upstairs den. It was well-equipped with a TV, DVDs, video games, several sofas and a coffee table, and a small library of board games. Someone brought up a box of diet cola, and several were drinking. Aside from Steve, I saw Adam, Nina, and Marcus had already arrived, along with someone I hadn’t met before. The television was playing Clone Wars.

Adam made his usual type of big greeting. “Nanook of the North! Welcome!”

“Jay, this is Jean,” said Steven. “This is her first party and she’s a little nervous.” Jean gave a timid wave.

“Hi everyone. Guys, do you mind if I wait a bit to put on my pajamas? I’m still shivering here.” My request met with mutters of approval, so I took a cola and sat down. Steve reached over to a stack of papers and handed me one to sign as I sipped:

PUDDLE PARTY RULES

@@Pajamas must stay on at all times. Exposure for diaper changes may be allowed on a case-by-case basis. No recreational drug use of any kind! This is a smoke-free home, including vape pens. You may step onto the patio if you’d like to smoke. No pictures or phone use except for emergencies. No physical contact without explicit consent. This includes hugging, cuddling, kissing, masturbating, and pee contact. You must use the toilet until bedtime. Wetting is only allowed in the Big Bed Room. (The toilet is optional after lights-out.) No glass or sharps in the Big Bed Room, except well-covered diaper pins. Diapers are required for anyone who will have a poopy accident overnight, and optional for everyone else. Guests may masturbate, including mutually, in the Big Bed Room, but are warned not to involve others (including staring) without consent, and to keep emissions contained. Do not deliberately wake anyone sleeping. Please keep showers under 5 minutes to save hot water for others. All guests are required to assist in cleanup in the morning. Violating any of these rules are grounds to be kicked out of the party and/or banned from future events.

I took a pen off the coffee table and signed. “Poor Harvey. He has to stand out in that horror to smoke.”

“Harvey’s not coming,” Steve said, taking my sheet and placing it in an accordion file. “He got called in to work for something. And Marilyn had a pipe burst in her home this morning, so she says she’s trying to finish cleaning up from that.”

“Is anyone else coming?” Marcus asked. They were already clutching their stuffed unicorn and obviously starting to feel small. Instead of a soft drink, they had their normal sippy cup full of milk they’d gotten from downstairs.

“Beth and Dean are on their way. Ben said he was a maybe. Oh, and Cora is coming!”

“Cora! I haven’t seen her in almost five years,” Adam said. “It’ll be great to catch up. Jay, have you ever met Cora?”

“No, but I’ve heard a lot about her.”

Ellen turned to Jean. “Cora kind of started our little group. She’s back in town this weekend and was able to join us.”

Finishing my soda, I stepped toward the door. “I think I can get dressed for bed now. Before the others get here.” The room once again muttered in approval, and I walked down to the master bedroom to change.

I had removed my jeans and was stepping into my pajamas when I heard the front door downstairs open and a group of people come in. Pulling my arms into the pajama sleeves, I could recognize one of the voices as Beth, which probably meant Dean had come also. And zipping up the front, I could hear another voice chatting with Steven as they came up the stairs. I emerged from the bedroom in time to see the group reach the top.

Dean and Beth were already in their fleece pajamas. Dean had a small suitcase in his hands, plus a pacifier in his mouth and a dog collar around his neck, as usual. Beth had Dean’s leash in one hand and their diaper bag in the other. And coming up behind the pair, another new face I didn’t recognize.

Adam came out of the spare room. “Cora! You did come! Can we hug?” She answered by running up to him, practically glomping on him. “You big doofus! If you don’t cuddle with me tonight, I’m going to hate you forever!”

They kept hugging. “I wouldn’t miss it!”

I just gave a simple wave. “Hi. I’m Jay. Nice to meet you finally.”

She finally broke off the hug and turned to me. “Nice jammies.”

My zip-up pajamas always got a lot of complements. It was a powder blue one-piece with a zipper running up the front from the waist to the neck, and a snap tab at the top. There was a shackle for a lock, but I wasn’t wearing one. It had full-length sleeves and legs, and the finishing touch, footies with little rabbit noses embroidered on the toes. The pajamas used to have a little bunny tail sewn on the tush, but I cut it off after one night when it dug into my back. Underneath, a pair of blue briefs with white trim, thin, so not to absorb too much. I had already worn this ensemble to puddle parties, and I had wet in it several times more at home. In the right light, you could see stains coming up to my armpits from previous wettings. My go-to outfit.

“Thanks,” I said as we shuffled into the spare room with the others. “I really like these for bedwetting. It’s warm, and it stays warm once you’ve peed. The fabric clings to your body. It feels nice.”

As Cora moved around the room and greeted everyone, I grabbed another soft drink. Steve ordered a few pizzas and we all started to settle into our usual pre-bed routine. We drank liquids, debated which anime to watch, cracked jokes, drank liquids, stepped off to use the bathroom, critiqued the new superhero movie, drank liquids, played a round or two of Mario Kart, asked Cora questions about her new life in Arizona, and drank liquids.

We also got an early start on cuddling with each other. Marcus curled up in my lap for a while and let me stroke their hair while they alternated between their sippy and pacifier. It was only when they suddenly announced, “I needa go potty,” that they broke off. I also spent some time cuddling with Steve, cradling my head in his chest while I listened to his heartbeat. Then Nina and I hugged for what seemed like hours, our cheeks lightly pressed against each other. Whispering in each other’s ears, we even negotiated to snuggle together overnight in the Big Bed Room.

I came back from the bathroom at one point to see that my seat had been taken (no biggie) and the pizzas had arrived. So I grabbed a paper plate, one slice each of pepperoni and cheese, another soda, and this time took a spot next to Jean while we all worked on our food and chatted.

After a few moments, Jean finally spoke to me. “People are going to the bathroom a lot.”

“We’re sort of revving up our bladders,” I responded. “There’s some medical basis behind it, but I think the idea is to get pee-pee momentum. That way when when you go to sleep and stop drinking, you’re still producing urine overnight.”

“And that helps you wet in your sleep?”

“Well no. I think Dale is the only person here who can wet without waking up. The rest of us wake up with the need to pee and let go.” I started grinning to myself at the thought. “And then when we finish, we can just fall back asleep again.”

“I couldn’t go back to sleep in wet PJs,” said Jean. She hesitated a little as she took another drink from her glass. “I like wetting myself, but I’d get too excited to sleep again.”

“I was the same way at first. You don’t have to pee the bed if you don’t want to.” I took another swig of my soda. I could already feel I would need to visit the toilet again soon.

“Marlyn isn’t coming tonight, but one time she taught me a sort of meditation to help. You think about all the liquid in your body and the journey it’s making. How it started flowing down your throat into your tummy. How it’s spread out all over your body, but eventually coming to rest in your bladder. It was just ordinary cola when you first drank it, but your body made it special. It’s transforming into your pee. And when you’re ready, you release this part of yourself. And when you look at it like that, it just feels better to wet the bed. Anyway, Marilyn does a much better job of explaining it.”

I took a last bite of pizza. “This is only my fourth event, but I’ve been bedwetting for fun for years.”

“For fun?”

“I mean, when I was a little kid I had a brief period of bedwetting. My mother set up this strict regimen of limited drinks after dinner and alarms and even medications. And they worked to some extent, but whenever I did have an accident, I secretly felt like I had outsmarted all the devices and stuff. Eventually I outgrew it, but I still kind of missed wetting the bed. I never dared try it until I had grown up and moved out on my own but when I did, I felt like I found a missing part of myself.”

I took another sip of my drink. “Personally, I love it. I love the relief, the warmth, the naughtiness, admiring the wet spots and puddles… I don’t even mind the smell too much. I try to take the opportunity for myself to wet the bed whenever I know I’ll have time for all the cleanup.”

Jean finished her pizza. “I’m kind of the same. I came from a big family, so it was hard to get any quality time from my parents. When I was bedwetting, I got a lot of attention I hadn’t gotten before, and I liked it.”

She paused. “Can I have permission to hug you?” “Of course,” I replied, and we leaned our heads on each other and began to cuddle. “That guy over there with the dog collar, Dale, he was telling me how his parents used to whip him with a belt when he had accidents, but it wasn’t like that for me. Both my parents were really understanding and caring I remember. After I outgrew it, I peed the bed on purpose once or twice, but I think my parents were starting to get suspicious, so I had to stop. I can’t believe how lucky I was to find this group.”

“Just remember you don’t have to do anything you don’t want.”

“I know! I didn’t come to this house on accident. I want to wet the bed!”

After the pizza, I excused myself to use the toilet, then I switched to water. I used the toilet two more times after that, each time noting how pale my urine had become. The bathroom was becoming a very busy place with all the guests with all we were drinking. I had a good feeling there was going to be a lot of heavy wetting that night. Even Adam announced he was going to give the bedsheets a real good soaking, and he was already known for size of his puddles. So after an episode of Birdie Wing, when Steve announced it was bedtime, I was almost too excited to sleep.

Like last call, we all grabbed one last drink. One more glass of water. (Or sippy cup of milk.) The women took the opportunity to wash their faces and remove makeup before bed. Jean, Marcus, and Beth all lined up for one last visit to the toilet, but the rest of us would go to bed ‘full.’ Beth had Dale go fetch his diaper bag, and we all retired to the Big Bed Room.

The first time I had seen the Big Bed Room at my first party, I was just agog. The whole bedroom was filled with mattresses, all pushed together as if it were all one giant bed. All were encased with plastic sheets, then made up with polyester sheets. Blankets, quilts, small pillows, body pillows, stuffed animals, and cushions and softs were spread and placed all over. Lamps and other electrics, including sockets, were all perched a few feet from the floor on shelves attached to the wall, safely above the puddles that would form by morning. A single long window ran along the entire exterior wall, high up near the ceiling so we were assured privacy. We could hear the bitter cold winds whistling outside. Aside from the ceiling light, there was a single nightlight on one of the shelves that would keep the room dimly light all through the night. A very faint smell of pee permeated the room, but everything was clean and dry… for now.

Jean could only stare at the wonderful Big Bed Room while Ellen crossed over to one of the shelves to turn on a white noise machine and oil diffuser while the rest of us carefully walked across the beds to find our spots. Ben never did show up that night, so there was still plenty of room. Those who wanted to snuggle together could. And those who wanted to sleep separately, like Jean, could also.

@@The first thing that happened, as always when they came, was Beth laying Dale down to diaper him in front of the others. “Everyone,” she announced, “I’m going to put Dale in diapers now, since he wets the bed so much even though he’s supposed to be an adult. If you want, you can come watch what happens when when you act like a big baby!” Ellen and Marcus went to another corner of the room to lay out pillow and blankets, but the rest of us gathered to watch the roleplay. She removed three prefold cloth diapers, pins, plastic pants, and baby powder from the bag and started roughly pulling off his pajama bottoms and underpants. She loudly chastised him while she folded the diapers and tucked them under his bare bottom. “I can’t believe I have to do this! A man your age still pissing himself overnight! Aren’t you even ashamed that everyone here can see what a diaper baby you are?” She motioned to the assembled group before dusting on powder, filling the room with its sweet scent. And while Beth pulled the plastic pants on over the very poofy diaper, I could hear Steve whispering to Jean not to worry, that it was all just a play scene.

Beth closed up the diaper bag, folded Dale’s pajama bottoms (they’d never fit over that ginormous cloth diaper), and placed them both on a shelf, alongside peoples’ glasses. Marcus would be cuddling up with Steve and Ellen under a comforter. They were wearing a disposable diaper with a zoo animal design. It could leak, but it didn’t matter since both of Marcus’s night partners were unprotected. Adam and Cora had paired off, the two of them spooning under a velure blanket. Nina and I cuddled together under a weighted blanket, our heads sharing a body pillow. As I nuzzled my face into her kigurumi, I already had an awareness of a faint need to pee, but I wanted to wait until later that night.

Jean didn’t want to cuddle with anyone overnight. It was understandable. This was her first party and she still didn’t know the group very well. She was wearing a two-piece cotton pajama set with a My Little Pony design printed on the front. As she laid down under her blanket, I just noticed her thumb slowly make its way to her mouth.

All over, you could hear partners murmuring to each other, making one last check on each other’s limits and boundaries. Nina got a final assurance from me that I wouldn’t mess myself or masturbate on her. Even with all my excitement, I somehow was already feeling sleepy. Steve turned off the main light, reminded everyone they could still use the toilet down the hall if they wanted, wished everyone good night, and walked back to his wife and Marcus. The room was now only dimly lit, just enough to see where people were and avoid bumping into them, but not much else.

And then all was silent. The only sounds in the room were the wind on the windows, the noise machine, and as I closed my eyes and started to drift off, I thought I could already hear the faint hiss of someone, somewhere in the room, wetting…

Later that night, I got up, remembering that I had left a water bottle in the other room and I need to twist the cap back on, otherwise it would spill everywhere. And while I was up, I really needed to pee. I staggered through the long twisted hallways, looking for the way back to the lounge room, but only finding more corridors. I could hear the others talking, their voices and laughter echoing through the hallways, but all I could see was dim light. At one point, I accidentally stepped in a puddle on the floor, getting my foot all wet. I was starting to get more and more anxious that I would get lost in all these passageways, and I wouldn’t find all my friends. And I had to pee so bad...

I woke up suddenly, feeling intense pressure on my bladder, and wetness on my foot. I propped myself up slightly to find the source, and saw my feet were closest to Cora… and Adam! That guy could be like a burst water main, I thought to myself with a smile. I put my head back down on my pillow. I was on my side, with Nina right in front of me. Not quite spooning, but still cuddling close. I knew she wouldn’t mind if I put my arm over her, but the truth was I was already far too comfy to even move. I thought a little about all the water and soda having made its way through my body tonight, to end up here, and relaxed my body just a little more. My bladder opened up, and it’s delivery started flowing down the last few inches to my penis…

A burst of sensations. I felt hot liquid pop out and start soaking the front of my underpants and pajamas. I felt the force of my stream rumbling my crotch, and I felt the warm patch in my pants expand out and down. I felt my pee cascading down my left thigh and pooling under my hip. I felt the pressure in my bladder easing off, bit by bit, while wet warmth continued flowing out of me. I felt it hugging my tummy, my crotch, and my upper thighs. And as the tension released, I had a sensation like my body was sinking deeper into the mattress, and deeper into my puddle. I couldn’t move a muscle, but I didn’t want to. It was total relaxation.

My stream weakened to a trickle, tickling my penis. Nina shifted slightly, subconsciously feeling the wet gift I gave her, but didn’t wake. I gave one last clench of my bladder to squeeze out the last drops, then continued sinking back into sleep...

I woke up again later, not with any need to pee (though it was faintly there), but the sound of a toilet flushing. Again, I propped myself up and looked around… and Jean was gone. Still sleepy, and my pajamas now soaked, I was about to lie down again when the door slowly opened and Jean reentered, carefully creeping over the mattresses to her spot. She had gotten back and was about to lay down again when she noticed me watching.

“I’m sorry. I couldn’t wet the bed with other people around,” she whispered.

“It’s alright. I remember my first night I…”

I was sinking down again on my back, not caring about who was on the other side of the room and barely remembering what I was talking about, when Nina shifted and softly muttered, “Shu’up.” She rolled over on top of me, her face in my shoulder and sort of straddling my left leg.

I felt her heat flowing down on my leg. The sensation of her wetting on me stirred my own bladder, and moments later I was peeing the bed again, but just a little. Nina kept going, and with my last bit of energy, I put my free arm around her. She tilted her head up and gave me a soft kiss on my jaw as the last of her bladder emptied, and we both fell asleep again, wrapped in the hugs of our arms and our nighttime accidents...

A gentle alarm chime began ringing, causing everyone in the room to stir. The early morning winter sun had begun to rise and illuminate the room. There was a humidity in the air, and as I sat up, I could plainly see, even in the still-dim light, large puddles scattered around the beds. And there was something else in the air, unmistakable. Someone had pooped the bed!

Just as I was starting to wonder who had had a messy accident, Steve said, in an exaggerated voice, “Marcus, did you make poopies in your diaper last night?” Marcus responded with giggling, and then, “Sorry guys. I made poopie.” Steve sat up, he himself having yellowed up to the middle of his t-shirt. Leaning over Marcus with a mischievous smile, he asked, “Why did you do that? Make poopies when you could go to the potty?” Marcus responded with their own kind of mischievous smile, blushing and holding their wet stuffed unicorn, “I dunno.”

“You don’t know? You don’t know?!” Steve play shouted and began tickling Marcus all over, causing them to laugh and kick in their onesie, and I supposed, empty out their bladder again. Everyone in the room watched the sweet scene smiling, and already squirming for their morning pee. Everyone knew the last wetting was the best one, and we all wanted to save ours for something extra fun. Ellen sat up and booped Marcus on the nose, leaving a little drop of pee there. Leaving the two to play with each other, she crawled out from under the covers to show her slick wet nightgown clinging to her figure. Even without looking, I could tell Nina was staring.

But if Marcus’s wet diaper was rewarded with tickles, kisses, and love, Dale wasn’t going to be so lucky. “Dale, stand up,” Beth commanded, and her diaper slave sheepishly stood up on the mattress in front of everyone to show his diaper. Even through the plastic pants, we could see the yellow tint and low hang. Even through all that fabric, he was obviously soaked.

“I can’t believe you wet your diaper again! You must be doing this on purpose, just to anger me!” Beth didn’t wet overnight, but the regulars among us knew what was coming. She started removing his sodden diaper, Dale’s face a combined look of fear, shame, and exhilaration. But once the pins were removed, instead of throwing the fabric in a bin or wet bag, she took the opened diaper, and straddling over it on her knees, released her own morning pee. “You know the punishment, don’t you?”

Nina and I pulled the blanket off of us to survey our damage, and it was extensive. We were both completely soaked midway up our chests, with a wet spot spreading out around us. Nina slapped her hands down in the middle, making a satisfying splash. I said to her, “Thanks, that felt really nice,” but she was only half paying attention. Ellen had crossed over to turn on the room lights, and her wet clothes showed off every inch of her figure.

I had to pee again, and was about to ask Nina whether she wanted to join me when I heard the whole room gasp. Adam and Cora had doffed their blanket, sodden and dripping, to reveal a verifiable lake around them. Both of them had wet hair! This wasn’t just Adam’s doing; Cora had clearly done some heavy wetting of her own, and the two of them combined had exploded like a bomb in the middle of the room. Sitting upright now, Cora gave a quick bow, then said, “And now the encore!” Without warning she rolled over into a headstand on the mattress and began peeing. Hissing loudly, a bulge of liquid emerged from the center of her already-saturated sweatpants, rippling down over her body on to her face. The sheer volume of her stream was like anything I’d ever seen, and I now realized who the real champion was. Adam actually applauded.

I turned and looked to Jean, also sitting up, still bone-dry, and noticeably fidgeting in desperation. I was about to say something to her about how it was okay not to wet, when she turned to me and said, “I need to pee. Do you?”

“Yeah.” I actually had to go pretty bad. Just behind me, Nina had crawled off to join Ellen. They had been making eyes at each other ever since she’d emerged in her sodden nightgown, and now they both were moving in. So now I wasn’t sure what to do with my morning pee.

“You can still go to the toilet again if you want.”

“Actually,” Jean said, blushing bright red, “I want to wet my pajamas. Would you wet with me?”

Off in the corner of the room, Beth had begun Dale’s spanking. Beth’s smacks, Dale’s muffled yelps, and all the other emerging noises in the Big Bed Room were making it hard to hear.

“Sure, we can pee together.” I started to square up so she could get a clear view when she made another request.

“Can we… hug?” She began timidly crawling over to the puddle Nina and I had made.

“Okay.”

@@There was other activity all over the room. Beth continued spanking Dale, his face planted firmly in the soaked diaper, with her allowing him to come up for air every fifth stroke. Marcus was sitting in Steve’s lap, getting tickles. Steve had one hand darting all over Marcus’s body, fingers dancing around while they giggled and tried to parry, but the other hand was kneading the the front of their diaper. All through the squirming and bucking, surely Marcus’s poopie was getting smeared around, and their diaper was grinding on Steve’s lap. Ellen and Nina were sitting up against a wall, wetting and making out. Their hands were in each other’s crotches, feeling their streams come out, and they probably would soon begin exploring with their fingers. Cora was lying prone, her head propped up in one hand, watching Dale’s spanking while masturbating with her other hand. Adam was sort of straddled over Cora’s tush. He’d already wet his shorts again, through her sweats, and was now “dry” humping her through their clothes.

Having crawled though a few puddles, the knees on Jean’s pajamas now had wet spots on them. She also had some pee on her hands. As she reached the puddle from Nina and I, she dragged her hand across the wet bedsheets, exploring the taboo sensation.

“Oops! I’m supposed to ask before I play in your puddle, right?”

“I’m okay with it,” I responded. I looked over to the wall to ask Nina, but she was… occupied. “And I’m sure Nina would also allow it, but let’s not disturb them.”

I turned back to Jean and opened my arms. “Hug?”

“Can we... pee while we hug?”

“Okay.” I knee-walked the last few feet to her and we embraced. We were both bouncing on the mattress with our pee-pee dances. We both had to go now.

“On three?”

“Okay.” We both closed our eyes.

“One… two… three!”

My body opened and I began wetting one last time. My pee started soaking my crotch and tummy again, but now also began flowing straight down my legs to my knees. My fidgeting stopped as my body focused on squeezing all the warm gold from my bladder. I couldn’t hear the hiss through all the noise in the room and my eyes were closed, so all I got was the aroma and the hot wetness. And I was happy to have it.

But I wasn’t just focused on my own accident. About two seconds after I started, Jean’s potty dance slowed and stopped, and her breathing changed. Her body relaxed in my arms, and I thought I could hear a soft moan from her.

On this fine winter morning, Jean was wetting herself, and loving it!

My morning wetting started to slow down, so I opened my eyes. Jean had lowered her face and was breathing in the musky scent from my soaked pajamas. She was nearly empty too, and gradually raised her head. Her face was flushed red, exhilarated by the experience.

“All done,” she murmured.

We broke our hug and backed up to look at each other. Jean’s pajama top had spots of contact dampness from where we hugged, and a small soaked spot on her stomach where she’d touched my own wetting. And below that, a T-shaped pee pattern on her pajama bottoms, still dripping down her inner thighs.

“You peed your pants!” I teased.

“So did you. And I think you enjoyed it!” she giggled back at me.

I looked down. Indeed I did enjoy peeing on myself with her, and my body was indeed showing it. Jean was blushing bright red now, but still smiling. She ran a finger up her thigh, then brought it to her mouth to taste her magic water.

“Thanks a lot. Mind if I run back to my spot?” She asked. She was squirming again, but in a different way.

“Go ahead. That was a lot of fun. Thanks.” I answered. We both had the same idea.

Jean scurried back to her spot on the mattresses and got back under her blankets. I turned around and looked for, and found, the body pillow Nina and I had shared. I crawled over and straddled it.

All around the Big Bed Room, moans were getting louder. Steve had turned Marcus around in his lap so they were facing each other, kissing. Marcus was now grinding the front of their diaper into Steve’s crotch, and Steve was kneading Marcus’s messy bottom. Dale’s spanking had ended and Beth was now chastising him for his erection. She had her foot pressed down on his penis, taunting and rubbing him. Ellen and Nina were frantically stimulating each other, getting close to the edge. Ellen’s moaning was now the loudest sound in the room. Cora was now on her back in the middle of her puddle, her hand still in her pajama bottoms while Adam grinded on her leg. Periodically he’d lower his head next to hers, get a mouthful of liquid, and share a kiss.

Back in her little nest, Jean had rubbed her hand all over her sodden PJs, coating it in her tangy pee and was now sucking her thumb while she pleasured herself. And I, unable to directly access my penis through zip-up pajamas, was humping the body pillow, taking in all the sensations.

And one by one, each of us reached orgasm, moaning, screaming, gasping, shivering, and ejaculating before collapsing in exhaustion and bliss.

A few hours later, after we’d all helped stripped the sheets, had our brief showers, shared coffee and waffles in the kitchen, hugged our goodbyes, and headed back out into the frozen landscape, I’d gotten back home. I wanted to go straight to a proper hot shower, but first my phone had been buzzing in the car, and I wanted to check. The puddle party group chat was full of messages from all the attendees, thanking our hosts and each other for a fun time.

And it was fun. It felt great to wet, and be wet on. And for everyone to see each other as the helpless soggy bedwetters we were. No need for any anxiety. It felt right to wet myself.

And as I stepped into the bathroom and got ready to take my clothes off for a shower, my bladder reminded me that I had drunk coffee before leaving. It traveled all over my tummy and body, and now it was transformed from an ordinary drink into my very own pee!

I looked down at the tile floor and decided, after all that effort, it would be shame to waste it in the toilet…

As I released my pee-pee once again, feeling it coat my inner thighs and dribble off my pant legs onto the floor, my only regret was that there was nobody there to share this wet moment with me.

But not to worry. There’d be another puddle party in a few months. I couldn’t wait.

