Marvel Guardians of The Galaxy Ko-Rel Humiliation

Author: Joebobdc69

*000*2023-12-10 23:26

Chapter 1 Knowhere

Ko-Rel and Her Crew where sent to Knowhere to stop an escaped criminal from the halas hope prison.

Ko-Rel and her Crew move around Knowhere looking for the escaped criminal until Ko-Rel feels desperate.

Ko-Rel: let’s spilt up you all go looking for them on one side of Knowhere and I go on the other.

Ko-Rel would walk holding in her bladder until she finds a private space.

25 Minutes Later

Ko-Rel eventually found a the private space she was looking for but she felt even more desperate.

Ko-Rel would take off her armour and hold on to her helmet.

Ko-Rel had some difficulty trying to let her bladder out so she decided to use her helmet to pee in then…

She would bump into the escaped who must have been looking for somewhere hide.

Ko-Rel: cCant you see I’m trying to pee here.

Criminal: Nova Corp what ya doing naked and peeing

Ko-Rel: I would rather not answer that.

Ko-Rel was blushing and embarrassed

The Criminal would then end up seeing Ko-Rel suit on the ground and would end stealing it.

Ko-Rel: What do you think your doing?

The Criminal would run off Ko-Rel would try to catch him but she would be stopped in her tracks by some hissing going down her leg

Ko-Rel: this just great

Ko-Rel would cover herself and her hands and helmet because the criminal had led out her into public

Ko-Rel was embarrassed and humiliated

People saw The Nova Centurion and laugh at her some would even spank her

Ko-Rel would meet up with her crew and they would ask multiple questions like

Why is there pee in your helmet?

Wny are you naked?

Why did you tell you us spilt up?

They all would return to halas hope.

Ko-Rel would sit in her office naked looking at her helmet with her pee in it with the look of humiliation she would then end up peeing on her seat leaving a massive puddle under her legs she would begin to cry

Ko-Rel: This is so humiliating

Nova Corp Solider: Centurion Ko-Rel we have some guests one of whom you are familiar with

Ko-Rel: Il be down there in a phew minutes

