A Wet Camping Trip (You Can Hold It Please)

Author: Jimmy Olsen

*000*2020-10-18 06:11

Not my writing. Saved from the now-deleted blog You Can Hold It Please. Reposted for @TheSenatesOmo

Kyle was itching for the upcoming camping trip with three of his friends. It was the very end of August, and this was sure to be the final blowout that would close out the summer. They were going way up in the mountains, several hours away from the area they all lived. Not only did he love camping, but he also had developed a huge crush on one of the girls throughout their time at college together. The trip would include himself, David, Mia, and Lacey. Lacey had long, shiny brown hair. She had tan legs and, in Kyle’s opinion, a perfect body. Her big brown eyes sparkled when she got excited, and he had been dying to ask her out.

Finally that late August day came. Kyle was completely distracted on the drive up with Lacey’s outfit of short white shorts, hugging her hips just right, and a pink bralette that accentuated her ridiculously round breasts. She smelled like roses and talked about how much she had always loved camping. It also did not escape Kyle’s attention that Lacey had a blue Nalgene bottle that she was chugging. When they stopped to get gas, Lacey didn’t use the bathroom but did refill her water bottle.

Kyle was embarrassed that he noticed things like this so easily, but it was like he couldn’t help keep track of things like that. Especially if he already thought the girl was unbearably hot. He had lived with this fetish for as long as he could remember, and as soon as he saw a girl drinking copious amounts of water he couldn’t help picturing what could be the later effects and what it would be like if she couldn’t make it to the bathroom. He loved to fantasize about girls desperately trying to hold it, and just the thought was often enough to give him a boner. But he tried not to think about people in real life in those terms because it made him feel weird. On this trip, though, he couldn’t help it. Lacey was just so hot and - he had to swallow as he thought about it - they had already stopped for gas for the last time, and there was no way she wouldn’t need to pee during the hour drive between here and camp.

The group kept switching seats, so although Kyle and Lacey had started out side by side in the back seat, she was now riding shotgun with her tan legs on display as her feet sat on the dash. Kyle had the seat behind the driver’s seat and had a good view of Lacey’s gorgeous body. They had 55 minutes left to camp, and had just left that last gas station a half hour ago, when Kyle saw Lacey begin shifting in her seat. “It’s probably nothing,” Kyle told himself, adjusting his backpack onto his lap. The last thing he needed was for Mia to think he was a total freak, in case he got a boner. As he thought about just how much she had drank (two whole Nalgene bottles now, which are a liter each), combined with her small adjustments and constant shifting in her seat, his imagination was getting away from him. He felt himself getting a boner and was grateful he had moved the backpack when he did.

“Don’t you think, Kyle?” Someone was saying. This jerked him out of his thoughts of Lacey needing to pee. Kyle felt his face flush and cursed himself for getting so caught up. “Sorry, what?” He asked. David, who was driving, caught his eye and repeated, “I said we are going to miss the check in time if we don’t step on it and everyone was agreeing that we aren’t stopping again until we get there.”

Kyle’s mind was racing. He knew they probably weren’t going to stop, but to have it officially decided was another thing. “Yeah that makes sense,” he said somewhat hoarsely. Lacey adjusted again, lifting one leg and shifting her hips.

40 minutes away, Kyle was trying not to stare but Lacey was showing unmistakable signs of needing to pee now. The signs were subtle enough that only someone watching for them would notice - which Kyle was. She had one hand delicately holding the seatbelt away from its normal position digging into her abdomen. Her legs were rigidly pressed together now, and every few minutes she would jiggle her left leg as she stared out the window. She had also become more subdued, contributing far less to the conversation that was mainly between David and Mia at this point.

20 minutes to camp. Mia loudly declared that she had to pee again. Lacey quietly agreed with a small, “yeah.” David assured them that they were almost to camp, and added that they would miss the check in if they stopped now. “It’s fine, I can wait 20 minutes,” Mia said. Lacey said nothing. She was clearly shy about her growing need, but her back was mostly arched now and she had her legs tightly crossed. Kyle noticed that she seemed to have avoided doing so until absolutely necessary. He was rock hard beneath his backpack and also a little ashamed that the situation was turning him on so much.

10 minutes until camp, they hit a pothole and Lacey’s hand flew to her lap. She wiggled a hand between her legs and left it there.

5 minutes away now, Lacey was bouncing her crossed leg and holding herself tightly. Mia was also complaining openly, but Kyle couldn’t help focusing more on Lacey who clearly had to pee more and was less vocal about it. Lacey was not vocal at all, in fact - she hadn’t spoken whatsoever for the last 10 minutes and when she turned her head to see the camp opening sign, Kyle saw that she was gently biting her lip. Her brown eyes looked absolutely desperate. Kyle let out a low breath and could feel that his boxers were wet with precum. He didn’t know how he would get out of the car with no one noticing his issue, but he was also dying to see what happened with this situation.

Finally they pulled into a parking spot in front of the administrative building where they needed to check in. David was walking quickly to make sure he checked in before the deadline. Mia bound ahead too, her shoulder-length blonde hair bouncing as she declared that they’d better have a bathroom in this building. Lacey held back, walking slowly at a pace that Kyle suspected was all she could manage right now. Kyle held his backpack in front of himself to cover his hard on.

When they finally got inside a second after the other two, Mia was pointing the bathroom out to Lacey. “It’s a one stall, I’m gonna go first since I’ve had to go for longer but I’ll be quick,” she promised. Lacey awkwardly leaned against the wall and hugged her elbows. Her foot was jiggling almost imperceptibly, but she clearly didn’t want to make a scene by crossing her legs or holding herself. The two of them could hear Mia’s light tinkling through the thin walls. Kyle was making himself take deep breaths. He was afraid he might cum in his pants, as he took in the desperate expression Lacey was trying and failing to hide on her face, and considered how badly she probably wanted to at least hold herself. How badly she needed to go. He thought about coming up behind her, holding her against himself and gently, gently pressing down on her bladder -

Just then Mia came out. “All yours!” She said cheerfully, unaware of the torture she had been giving Lacey. It was here that Kyle most saw Lacey’s mask of composure slip as she ran into the bathroom. Seconds after the door hit, Kyle heard the most deliciously strong stream he had ever heard. It seemed to go on forever, and he thought again about how badly she had needed to go. “Wow, she really had to go,” Mia laughed, echoing his thoughts.

Lacey finally came out and was her normal cheerful self. The four went about all of the fun camping activities - tubing, swimming, listening to music, etc. Lacey looked incredible in her bikini, and Kyle wondered when he would work up the courage to ask her out. In the evening they roasted marshmallows around the fire.

All day Kyle had tried not to notice Lacey’s water intake or peeing or anything like that. He felt embarrassed about how turned on the ride down had made him. He couldn’t really help noticing most of it, but Lacey peed pretty regularly the rest of the day. The girl drank a lot of water though. That blue Nalgene never left her side, and she seemed to constantly be sipping it. Kyle couldn’t tell if she was too warm in the summer heat, or if it was some kind of nervous habit. Either way, there was no situation like that morning again, so he didn’t pay too much attention.

Until that evening. Kyle eyed Lacey gulping water from her second filled Nalgene around the fire. The four were staying in one tent that was already set up, and it was getting late. Lacey finished her water bottle and declared that she was beat. The others agreed, and everyone went to sleep. Kyle lay awake for about 20 minutes, hearing everyone’s even, steady breathing, and thinking about the fact that Lacey had just drank so much water before bed. Would she need to pee in the middle of the night or wait until morning? He told himself to stop thinking about it.

His question was answered when woke to the sound of someone hastily shoving their sleeping bag aside. He had always been a light sleeper, so the sound woke him right away. It confused him momentarily, and he almost called out asking if something was wrong because the noise sounded so erratic. But by the light of the moon, or early dawn - he didn’t know what time it was - he saw Lacey’s bouncing waves moving through his half-shut eyes. He still almost asked her if something was wrong when he heard a soft moan as she struggled to get out of her sleeping bag.

Oh.

My.

God.

He thought back to all the water she had drank, and his surprise that she hadn’t peed before bed. He woke hard, but he turned to steel as he heard her breaths - it sounded as though she was exercising heavily, or doing something that took a great deal of effort. She finally kicked out of her sleeping bag and was sitting on her knees with both hands between her legs. Lacey was wearing her bedtime pajamas of white lace shorts and a silky tank top. She was wearing white cotton socks, which now stuck out behind her as she tried to get ahold of herself. She had clearly woken up at such a desperate point that she didn’t have much time to make it to the bathroom or even outside. She was bouncing slightly on her knees, also not realizing she had woke anyone. “Oh God oh God,” she was whispering, barely perceptible, under her breath. Kyle was mesmerized as she furiously gripped and rubbed herself, trying to get ahold of her desperate need.

Finally she half stood in the small tent, immediately squirming and bouncing in place. Kyle was already soaking through his boxers with precum - Lacey was about five times more desperate than he had seen her that morning. She moved an inch at a time, moaning gently with the effort of holding her pee behind her peehole and keeping it from rushing out. As she approached the tent opening, Kyle considered following her outside. She was sure to wet herself any second. With his eyes half shut he watched her, breathing heavily.

She started to unzip the tent, and Kyle started to think about how he could reasonably follow her, when he heard Lacey gasp. “No no no no no,” she was moaning, and Kyle felt his cum start to hit the base of his shaft as he realized what was happening. Lacey had gotten the tent zipper stuck on the material after only managing to open it a couple of inches.

She furiously tried to rezip and unzip it again, but it was stuck good. She removed a hand from her crotch and tried to use both hands to release the material the zipper was stuck on, but she gasped and grabbed herself with both hands seconds later, bouncing up and down and moaning. Kyle was frozen and trying not to cum. “Holy shit,” he just kept thinking, “holy shit holy shit she’s really going to wet herself.”

Lacey kept struggling like this, with the cruel reality that she would need both hands to free the zipper. She just couldn’t do it. She was shaking and some part of Kyle felt like he should help her, but he just couldn’t move. In fact, he needed to stay still- he genuinely thought any movement would make him cum right then and there. Lacey gasped and froze, then again muttered, “oh no, no no!” As Kyle could just about not take it anymore, he saw it - rivers of pee were soaking her white shorts, revealing white cotton panties beneath them.

She was already half crouched and was still holding herself, despite having lost the battle now. The pee made a distinct sound when hitting the tent floor, like rain falling on a tarp. Lacey gave up holding on halfway through and just crouched down, covering her face with her hands in clear humiliation. Kyle couldn’t hold on any more either, and with a shudder felt himself cumming in his pants. Meanwhile Mia and David were stirring now, and Mia said in a half-sleepy voice, “what’s going on?”

*004*2020-10-19 21:07

{{7 hours ago, TheSenatesOmo said:

You are a GOD, dude. Seriously. How did you find it? I had no idea how to find it after the blog got deleted.

Also: you mentioned you like a “shy girl” type of story. In my opinion, this is EASILY the best one of that variety (in my opinion, the best omo story I’ve yet seen, period). What do you think of the story?

Thank you again. Seriously, I’m stunned. Thank you.

}}

You're welcome! It wasn't much work, however. I just Googled the story title plus the blog title and found it saved in a collection. After blogs are deleted you can often find remnants.

I greatly enjoyed the premise of this story and the vivid descriptions of female desperation and wetting. I was put off by the main character's excessive leering and especially by the ejaculation.

