Camp omo

Author: Joey1234

*000*2019-08-24 20:08

This is set at an all girls summer camp where many omo moments happen hope u enjoy

Chapter 1

It was a clear summer's day as 14yr old Samantha was being driven to a two week long summer camp by her mother. her moth looked through the mirror to see her daughter shifting around in the back seat which she mistook for restlessness. what was really going on was something completely different though. since Samantha had overslept she had been rushed out of the house by her mother who had not given her a chance to use the bathroom before she left and she had needed to go since before she left the house and she had gotten quite desperate.

She decided to ask her mother how long it would take to get to the camp where she could use the bathroom "Hey mum how long before we reach the camp" her mother just said "not far now dear" Samantha quietly sighed at a volume her mother couldn't hear and just decided to stare out the window for the remainder of the time before she got to camp hoping it would take her mind off her full bladder.

With her ful bladder the car trip seemed to just go on and on so much so that she slipped one hand in her crotch to try and help which originally it did but she could still feel her full bladder begging for release and it didn't seem like they were that close to the camp where she could pee.

Another half an hour passed and her mother told her the camp was 10 miles away which was good as she had reached the stage where she was bursting and digging her hand in her crotch and squirming was barely working anymore and her bladder was begging for release.

The next ten miles felt like an eternity but luckily she made it through without leaking and soon enough her mum pulled up to the camp and after saying goodbye to her mum and grabbing her bags she ran straight through the gates to meet the counceller there to greet her the counceller announced her name as Lilly and directed her to her cabin. after thanking her Samantha ran to her cabin and burst through the door to see her 5 cabin mates who already arrived standing and chatting without saying anything she threw her suitcase down and burst through to the cabin toilet locking the door behind her she then threw down her leggings and panties before throwing her butt onto the toilet and releasing her urine into the toilet bowl at rapid speed whilst puffing and panting all the way. when her stream finished and she had gotten her composure she got ready to meet her cabin mates

End of part 1

*003*2019-09-07 21:21

Chapter 2

I would've made this sooner but when I got to work on part2 I somehow lost all my work so that was kind of demoralizing but anyway here it is

So far Samantha time at camp had been enjoyable even though she had only been there 2 days she had already gotten to know her cabin mates there was 5 of them but 1 had gotten sick yesterday and was taken home. her cabin mates consisted of Katie who had been the first to greet her when she got out of the bathroom, Jasmine who was currently trying to find a phone signal, Amy who was having a conversation with the final girl Emma. all 5 of the girls were seated at a table in the mess hall during lunch enjoying the camp food which was surprisingly good. though all 5 girls were currently enjoying themselves one girls was having some slight trouble with her bladder and that girl was Jasmine who was starting to feel the effect of all the liquid she had invested during the day. You see the one thing the camp struggled with was bathroom breaks.

Since the only toilets were in the cabins and a set of shared bathrooms which also had showers in them in the centre of the cabins and so far the only bathroom break that had been allowed was after breakfast and they had not had any free time since then. she assumed that the girls were just expected to run behind a bush and pee there if they needed to go during activities as they weren't allowed to go run to toilets during activities but since Jasmine didn't go to the toilet during the break(she just went as soon as she got up) all the liquid she drank during breakfast and through out the day was starting to cause her problems as she was squirming constantly squirming around and had her thighs clamped together. At first she wondered why none of her cabin mates also needed to pee but then she remembered that they had all gone after breakfast apart from Katie but she had just ducked behind a bush during their time at the archery range.

Whilst Jasmine was concentration on holding she looked at the clock and almost wimpered when she realises they still had half an hour before lunch ended. Jasmine decided it would be best to put her phone away and keep on eating whilst also focusing on holding her pee.

15 minutes went by and she Jasmine thought she was holding up fine and she was pretty sure she would make it. that was until a huge wave of desperation went over her which nearly made her lose control. she gasped quietly and threw a hand in her crotch whilst the other was shaking on the table it took about 30 seconds to regain control but even then she could still feel her bladder was fuller than before the wave of desperation hit her and her chance of making it dry went down a fair bit.

Slowly but surely the minutes went by and she was able to stay dry that was until 5 before lunch ended when a small spurt of pee escaped her urethra and dampened her panties followed by 2 smaller spurts this caused Jasmine to double down on the grip on her crotch and put all her effort into stopping the flow. 5 minutes later the girls were given permission to leave the mess hall. the other 4 girls at her table walked ahead of her but Jasmine had to get up slowly in order to not lose control of her bladder when she was out of her seat she ran as fast as her bladder would allow her which wasn't very.

When she arrived at the bathroom she was shocked to see a huge line of girls outside the bathroom and she knew the cabins would be locked until free time. she guessed a lot of girls decided not to go after breakfast. Jasmine quickly deduced she would not be able to wait in line and frantically looked around for another place to relieve herself.

Thankfully she saw a bush in the distance and without even looking to make sure no one was looking ran over to it getting ready to yank down her leggings as soon as she was behind it. when she was sure she was covered she yanked down her leggings and panties squatted low and allowed a rover of pee to escape her urethra. the relief she felt was indescribable so much so she let out a quiet "ahhhh" as she was peeing she could feel the pressure being lifted from her tortured bladder as pee splattered down to the dirt below the relief was blissful. when she finished and had let her wet pussy dry off she met up with the rest of her group to head to the next activity luckily they didn't ask where she was.

End of part
