Pee Dancers

Author: JackFrost16

*000*2020-05-31 21:44

Ruby was your average high school senior. She was 18 blonde, had blue eyes and loved spending time with her friends. When she wasn't in school, she was a dancer. Ruby had been dancing since she was a child. She loved the gracefulness and energy that dancing supplied. When she was ten, Ruby's parents had signed her up for dance classes. She had fallen in love and had been doing them ever since.

Ruby was actually on her way to dance classes right now. She was wearing her standard dance equipment, witch consisted of grey spandex shorts and white pantyhose. She strolled into the dance studio, and waved at the assembled group. Ruby was in an elite class with only a few other people. The instructor, Mrs. Aliyah, was standing in the front of the room with a few other students. Mrs. Aliyah was very strict, as they were an advanced class after all.

Ruby set her bag down in the corner and started stretching. Class should start any minute now, and she wanted to be ready. She looked once at the bathroom, and felt a small weight in her bladder. She thought about using it, but Mrs. Aliyah's voice cut through her thoughts.

"Places everyone. We are starting class!"

Oh well thought Ruby. It can wait.

###

About midway through class, and Alice was getting worried. She was standing toward the back of the class, next to her friend Sophie. And boy did she have to PEE! Alice had gotten to class late and as such had no chance to use the restroom. She was sure she could see her bladder poking out from the waistband of her black leggings.

"I really gotta piss" she whispered to Sophie.

"Huh?" came the reply. Sophie was taller than Alice, and her hair a few shades lighter brown. Her green eyes looked inquisitively into Alice's blue ones.

"I said, I needed to pee." Alice said back. "I've been holding it for ages".

"Well you're going to have to keep holding. Theirs no way Mrs. Aliyah will let you go." said Sophie. As Sophie was speaking, she realized that she also needed a restroom. They had consumed a lot of water during the class already, and it was starting to build up.

"Yeah I know," Alice said , snapping Sophie out of her thoughts. "I just hope I can hold it"

###

Little did the two girls know, a third person shared their predicament. Ruby's need had gotten much worse in a very short span of time. She was now constantly thinking of her ever growing need. The mix of physical activity and a large water intake had defiantly increased the pressure in her abdomen.

At least she wasn't the only one though. She could definitely see Alice wiggling between moves, and as she watched, she thought she might have seen Sophie squeezing her legs together. Ruby sighed as she looked at the clock. Over two hours left. They were in for a long class

One hour later...

"Okay everyone take a break" came the loud voice of Mrs. Aliyah. Immediately, the three girls ran over to her.

"Can I go use the bathroom?" they said almost in unison.

"Yes" said Mrs. Aliyah. " But the bathroom here are closed for repairs. You'll have to go next door."

The three girls nodded and shuffled out. They all were pretty much desperate at this point. They had been moving and sweating for an hour, and had drank much more water. Surprisingly, Ruby was the worst off. Her need had skyrocketed in the past hour and was now on the verge of an accident. As the girls left the dance studio, they entered the mall complex where it was located.

They quickly walked down the hall towards the department store a short ways away. Alice and Sophie arrived at the toilets first, and Alice was just about to enter when they heard someone behind them yell:

"Wait!"

It was Ruby, her hands shoved firmly in her crotch, legs tightly crossed.

"Please let me go first!" she begged "I'm about to pee myself!" It was true. Poor Ruby had never been so desperate in her life. She stood hunched over, holding her bladder for all it was worth. Even as she stood she could feel a few drops of pee leak into her panties as she whimpered. Alice and Sophie looked at each other before looking back at Ruby. They wordlessly decided to let the blonde girl go first into the single stall bathroom.

Despite their own desperation, the two girls stepped aside.

"Thank you so much" Ruby murmured her face red. She had just leaked again, and knew that she had mere moments before disaster. She quickly wobbled her way into the small bathroom, closing the door behind her. She turned to face the toilet, and saw that it was disgusting! Instead of immediately running to sit down, she hesitated wondering if she wanted to sit on that disgusting seat.

This moments hesitation was all Ruby's bladder needed. With relief so close, and Ruby's momentary lack of concentration, it released. Her panties were instantly soaked, as the piss shot of her lady bits. Suddenly there was no choice at all for Ruby. She squeaked, and darted to the toilet, managing to pull down her layers of clothing after a few second struggle. Unfortunately, the damage was already done. Her pantyhose were soaked and had staines midway down her thighs, as well as the back of her legs. The entirety of her spandex shorts were soaked, although their dark color made it hard to see. Her panties were completely ruined, a large stain turning the once pink fabric a shade of red.

Ruby sat on the filthy toilet and wondered what to do.

###

Outside of the bathroom, and completely oblivious to the events happening inside, stood Sophie and Alice. They were both bent over hopping from toe to toe.

"We should have never let her go first" moaned Sophie. "What is taking her so long?"

"I don't know but if she takes any longer I'm gonna piss myself." Said Alice. The two had met a few years before, and had been best friends ever since. They had started dancing together, and progressed quickly. Now it seemed they were both regretting the amount of water they drank as the bounced up and down.

They continued to get odd looks from passing customers, and employees alike but nobody bothered them specifically.

Ten minutes later, and Ruby still hadn't emerged from the restroom. Both girls were on the verge of wetting themselves, as they continued to bounce.

"What the hell is she doing in there?" wondered Alice. She gasped as she felt another few drops escape into her underwear. Her bladder spasmed again, and Alice knew it was now or never. She sprinted at the bathroom door, and started to pound on it to no avail.

"Oh no!" Alice yelled. With one final spasm the dam broke open and piss started to pour into her undergarments. Alice groaned as she watched a large stain grow in the crotch of her leggings. The stain expanded and started to run down her legs, creating smaller pathways down her thighs. She could even feel the warmth creeping up her backside, leaving a stain on her ass.

With one last groan Alice turned to see Sophie staring at her.

" I can't believe you actually peed yourself!" Sophie said in amazement.

"I really had to go" Alice said with a shrug.

Sophie's amazement quickly faded, as she realized the gravity of her own situation. Watching Alice's accident had not made it easier to hold at all. Sophie had never felt so helpless. She felt her bladder ache again, and knew if she didn't do something quickly, she was going to completely wet her pants.

Thinking quickly, Sophie looked around, and saw that they were standing in a clothing aisle. She sprinted down the aisle looking for any thing that could save her. About halfway down she saw it. Sophie looked around to ensure she and a very confused Alice were alone in the aisle. Then she slipped out of her dance leggings until she was just in her underwear.

Then she grabbed a pair of ripped skinny jeans from the shelf and quickly slipped them on. As she slid them up Sophie felt her bladder start to give way. With a sigh she released the pee she was holding and let it flow out of her body. She felt the piss run down her legs as a large stain appeared on the borrowed jeans. Two streams fell off her legs and dripped between her feet forming a puddle on the floor. her thighs were soaked, and her calves as well.

It was now Alice's turn to look amazed. Sophie quickly changed again, cringing as she felt her leggings come into contact with her wet panties. She offered Alice a small smile and saw the other girl shake her head. The two headed back to the dance studio, one with dry pants, and the other with wet.

###

Naturally, Mrs. Aliyah was not happy. She chewed Alice out for a few minutes, until she was sent home. As the rest of the class packed up to go home about ten minutes later, Sophie wondered where Ruby was.

Maybe she's still in that bathroom Sophie thought with a giggle as she left the studio. Oh well I didn't need it anyway.

Ruby started to walk home . She had waited until class was over to leave the bathroom. There was no way she was going back to class even if her wet stains were only barely visible. She did feel bad for the other two though. She had seen two puddles on the ground as she left the bathroom. She wasn't the only one to have an accident today.

