After-school with the custodian

Author: Jaieee

*000*2021-03-17 06:04

Today was Lauren's first day back in school as a teacher. Luckily, the schools gave everyone a few days to work before students began school again. There was a lot of cleaning and preparing to be done in order to be ready on time. Lauren was excited to get back to work. She enjoyed her current flexible schedule, especially regarding the bathroom. Her classroom was right next to the single person bathroom in the hallway, but it was often occupied or locked.

The first day back was coming to an end. Teachers waved goodbye as they passed Lauren's class, and Lauren kept working at her desk. She was proud she had finished her water bottle twice throughout the day. Staying hydrated at work was always a struggle. As the last bell rang at 4pm, one of the school custodians, Bryan, appeared in the doorway. Bryan's face smiled beneath his short salt and pepper beard. His face was young, but Lauren knew he was around 50 years of age. He spoke gently.

"You still hanging around?"

He toyed with her. Lauren and Bryan were each married, but enjoyed each other's company at work. Their friendship was open and respectful. Their playfulness had recently been drawing them physically closer Lauren found him handsome and caring, and certainly a lot of fun. She enjoyed toying with him. Bryan often came by just to be teased by her. Vaguely tempting men she would never fuck had become something she enjoyed from time to time. She let him touch her, but only a little...

"Yeah, I think I'll stay for a while and work, so don't lock anything up yet!" Lauren said cheerfully. She hadn't had a bathroom break in over an hour, and her bladder was beginning to fill. Her tight grey slacks pressed against her stomach and made her very aware of the need. Lauren pushed her chair away from the desk, and crossed her legs. Bryan looked at her playfully.

"Ah, don't worry... " he swooned "I'll keep the bathroom unlocked for ya!" Bryan had on multiple occasions seen Lauren squirming outside the occupied restroom. He always kept his distance and never mentioned these sightings. Lauren knew he had caught her desperate more than once. She would have been mortified under any other circumstance, but she could tell that he was intrigued by the sightings.

Lauren blushed and took a drink of water, looking him right in the eye. Bryan emptied the recycling, and smiled as he left the room. Lauren needed to pee, but she figured it wasn't so bad she couldn't wait. Her next virtual meeting was in 15 minutes, so she finished typing her lesson, filled her water bottle before the meeting. Her last bathroom break was 2 hours ago, and she was really starting to feel it. Her hips rocked from side to side in her seat as she listened to her boss present. She could only be seen from the waist up, so Lauren kept her hand pressed between her legs. She squeezed her thighs and tried to ignore the pain in her bladder.

Finally the meeting ended, 15 minutes late. Lauren's bladder was reaching its limit, so she quickly closed the windows on her computer, and headed for the bathroom. As she got to her doorway, she saw the other custodian put out his cleaning sign, and head into the bathroom. Lauren gasped and crossed her legs there in the doorway. She knew the custodian would be in there for at least 15 minutes. The thought of waiting that long made her panic. Though she enjoyed wetting herself at home, Lauren had never an adult accident. The thought turned her on, but she knew it would be very embarrassing. Lauren huffed and walked back into her room. She stood against the wall far away from her door so no one would see her holding herself like a little girl. Her legs shook back and forth, and she knew she looked ridiculous, but it was the only thing keeping her from pissing herself.

Lauren turned around to check the bathroom just as Bryan entered the room. His eyes glanced down at Lauren's hand, and she quickly pulled it away from her private parts. Bryan knew she really had to go. He also knew he wanted to test her limits.

"I think it's just you here now" Bryan said. I'll keep the building open another hour or so"

Bryan slowly walked over to her and reached his hand out to touch her hip. Lauren's heart raced as her let herself be pulled against his tall body. She normally enjoyed these moments, but her mind was stuck on her now dire situation. Lauren held her legs together tightly as he leaned in to kiss her. Lauren moaned with pleasure, both from the kiss and her desperate need to per. She could feel her pussy swelling with arousal. It made the pain almost unbearable. Bryan traced his hand down her body and slid it between her thighs, prressing his fingers firmly against her pussy. Lauren whimpered and squeezed his arm as her hold gave way and the first stream of pee gushed though her underwear. She squeezed her thighs and pissed just a little more, making a small wet patch right where Bryan's hand was. Lauren's jumped and pulled away from him.

"I'm sorry! I have one more thing to finish!" Lauren skipped over to her desk and sat down in the green cushioned office chair. Bryan's cock began to tingle as he imagined her grey slacks darkening with pee. He wanted her to know how hot he thought it was, so all he could think to say was: "Finsh your water." Lauren was shocked and overcome with arousal, so she obliged and finished her water. Bryan left the room and told her he'd be back in 10 minutes.

Lauren waited only 2 minutes before she began to panic. She was in so much pain, and the wetness between her legs made it much harder to hold. She stood up and ran to the bathroom, grateful the other teachers had gone home. She ran to the bathroom, but as Lauren approached the door, Bryan stepped out of the bathroom, shutting the door and locking it. He smiled and said "This one is closed"

Lauren openly held her crotch in front of him so he couldn't see her begin to pee in her pants. "That's okay, it's time to go home anyway" she said, as she headed back to class. Walking helped her regain control, so the wet patch between her legs hadn't grown too much. It didn't feel like she had wet down the back. Lauren made a beeline for her desk and began to gather her things. If I am going to piss myself, she thought, it's going to be in my own car!

Bryan stepped into the room, and Lauren finally realized that she was going to have an accident right there in her classroom, in front of him. She sat down in her chair and Bryan approached her. He leaned down to kiss her, but she stopped him. She looked down at her hands stuffed between her legs.

"I'm going to have an accident..." she spoke quietly and lost control, peeing all over her chair and the floor beneath her. Bryan grabbed his stiff cock through his jeans and squeezed as he watched the beautiful petite teacher fully pissed her pants. Lauren heard Bryan moan, and looked up to see him manhood bulging through his pants. She stood up and slid one hand down her soaked pants. She rubbed her clit and Bryan followed suit by revealing his erect cock. Lauren came, and continued pissing herself until she was fully empty. He began stroking himself faster and soon ejaculated onto the blue carpet.

"Sorry about the mess!" Lauren helped him clean up, and changed before going home.

*001*2021-03-18 06:38

{{17 hours ago, AquaVitae said:

I do so wish Bryan bent her over her desk, but this is otherwise perfect. I'm enjoying your little one shot fantasies.

}}

Oh, my dear, I wish Bryan had done the same, but I'll save that for another time I've just always wanted to have a man stand in front of me and cum all over the floor. So hot!

