The Ski Trip

Author: JackFrost16

*000*2020-12-27 21:53

Emily threw her bag into the car, then walked to the driver's seat. She hopped in and started the engine, a smile on her face. Emily was going on a skiing trip with her two friends Summer and Natalie. They had been friends for over three years, ever since they started college, and met at a party. This winter, they had all decided to do something fun together over break. A ski trip seemed like the perfect option. There was a resort located only an hour's drive from where the three girls went to school. They had all decided to take their own cars, and meet each other at the resort. They would stay there for three days before driving back. Emily looked at the digital clock on the dashboard of her car and realized that if she didn't leave soon she would be late. She pulled out onto the street and began the drive, smile still lingering on her face.

###

Emily pulled into the parking lot of the ski resort at around 1:00 pm. She got out of the car and scanned the lot, looking for her friends. After a brief moment of searching, she was able to locate the two girls chatting to one another near the resort's entrance. Emily walked over to the two. As soon as Summer and Natalie saw their friend they hurried over.

"Hey!" said Natalie. "You're just in time. The resort is just about to open". Natalie was of average height and build with raven black hair and a beautiful smile. She was dressed in grey snow pants, with a black coat over top.

"Come on! Let's reserve our rooms and then we can head out" said Summer looking longingly at the slopes. She was the one who had encouraged the others to come. Summer had been skiing since she was little, and wanted to share the fun with her friends. Summer's wavy auburn hair fluttered in the breeze. She was gorgeous, admired by all the guys on campus for her charming eyes and perfect body. She wasn't as tall as Emily, only coming up to her chin. Emily was pretty tall in general, and her height combined with hard facial features were quite intimidating. All three women were very attractive and even standing in the parking lot, they were drawing a few glances from people walking past.

The three made plans to get settled in their rooms and then meet in the hotel lobby and hit the slopes in an hour. They parted for the time being, heading into the hotel. They were all looking forward to the trip, but none of them knew how interesting it would really get.\

###

Summer took a deep breather of the cold air and grinned. She lowered to ski almost more than anything. She had even gotten used to the cold after a while. She stood at the bottom of a slope waiting for her friends to come down. They had been skiing for a little over two hours, but Summer was far from tired. After a moment, Emily and Natalie joined Summer at the bottom. They all were exhilarated, smiles stuck to their faces. The cold air didn't seem to bother anyone anymore. They had gotten used to the temperature and terrain, and were just having fun. Summer was dressed in a pink winter coat and black fleece leggings. Natalie was still wearing her coat and snow pants from earlier, and Emily had gotten into a black and pink insulated jumpsuit.

After a short discussion the girls picked a new hill and took off in that direction, racing each other to the top. Summer got onto the chair lift first and laughed as she started to ascend. About half way up the lift, she turned her attention to an issue that had been bugging her for a while. Now that she was alone in the lift, she moved a hand in between her legs. It wasn't the first time Summer had needed to pee while skiing. That didn't make it any less annoying. She had just started to feel the first signs of her need, so she still had some time until she needed to go. Plus, she was having so much fun! Why stop now? If it gets bad, I'll just take a break and duck into the lodge to go there. No problem she thought. Summer focused her attention on the lift as it neared the top of the hill. Taking her hand out from between her legs, she grabbed her ski poles and got ready to drop onto the snow underneath, determined to enjoy herself for a s long as possible.

Emily watched Summer intently. They were standing at the bottom of a hill, waiting for Natalie who had been the last to get to the top. The girls had been skiing for over four hours now, and the sky was beginning to darken. As Emily watched, Summer shifted from foot to foot, jiggling up and down. It was almost as if she was doing it unconsciously Emily was able to quickly work out that the girl needed to pee. It was glaringly obvious. Emily didn't blame her. They had been skiing for a while, and Emily was feeling the urge to go as well.

She hadn't used the bathroom since before she left the house. Now that she was thinking about it, Emily did really need to pee. She bit her lip. She would like to go to the bathroom as soon as possible, but knew that the other girls would want to stay out as long as possible. It's okay. I can wait a little longer, she thought. Natalie glided down the slope stoping next to Summer and Emily. They quickly decided that they would do one more hill before calling it a day. See? only one more hill. I'll be fine.

###

Summer was panicking. She had let herself get carried away, and now she was paying the price. She was desperate for a bathroom break, but there was one thing standing in her way. The chair lift that she was on with the other girls was stuck. She was suspended twenty feet in the air, half way up the hill. The bright side was that she was in a chair by herself, allowing her to shove both hands in her crotch in an attempt to lighten the burden on her bladder. They had been stuck for almost half an hour. There was nothing Summer could do. She just had to hold on and pray that the lift started to move soon.

As it happened, Summer wasn't the only one in trouble. Both Emily and Natalie were in a similar predicament. Emily was much worse off, but both girls were still desperate. They were also in chairs by themselves, allowing at least a little bit of relief. But how long could they last? The answer was not long. All three girls were stuck in the cold air, and the only thing they could do was wait.

Fortunately, after only five more minutes of waiting, the lift began to move. Natalie breathed a sigh of relief. She could still probably make it to a toilet in time. She had to go the least out of the three girls, and knew that if everything went smoothly from here on out, she would be fine. Summer and Emily were not do lucky. Both girls were on the verge of an accident. Summer was able to shuffle off the chair lift, hands tucked between legs. At this point she didn't really care who saw. Looking to her right she sighed. The hill was a big one. The girls had picked it to be a finale of sorts, choosing the biggest and vest hill they could find.

Well the fastest way is down Summer thought. Steeling herself, she pulled her hands from between her legs. She grimaced as she felt a drop of pee hit the lining of her panties. She had to focus. The quickest way to find relief would be to ski down the hill. Summer breathed in deep, and after another moment, started down the hill.

Emily saw Summer shoot down the hill, and wondered how bad her need would be if Emily was desperate herself. She looked down the hill and came to the same conclusion as Summer. The only way was down. But she decided on a different approach. She knew that one mistake could mean disaster, both for her and her pants. Emily decided that she would work her way down the hill slowly in order to avoid any potential crashes. Grimacing to herself, Emily started to ski.

###

Summer flew down the hill. Her instincts kicked in and she even started to smile. No matter how bad she had to pee, skiing was still fun. Unfortunately, there was no way for her to hold her bladder, and ski at the same time. As a result, Summer thought she could feel a small leak hit the inside of her panties, though there was no way to tell for sure. Even so, things were looking up. Summer was in her element, cruising across the snow. She was beginning to think she might just make it without fully peeing herself. She even started to smile. That was when everything went wrong.

She hit a bump in the snow and went flying. She careened to the side, skidding to the edge of the slope. There Summer toppled collapsing in a heap on the snow. Her skies fell off and she sat up dazed. She didn't feel injured, but she would probable have some nasty bruises in the morning. At least I'm warm she thought. Wait a minute. Why am I warm?. Summer looked down and came to a horrible realization. She was peeing. In her pants!!!. Summer's mouth dropped open in shock as her bladder emptied itself. Blissfully warm liquid ran out from between her legs. Her butt was soaked along with the inside and bottom of her thighs.

A hisssssss sound was audible as the piss left her body rushing into her clothes. A yellow circle of snow was expanding out from under her. The fleece of her leggings absorbed a good portion of the liquid, but there was still enough to color the ground. The stream gently tapered off, and Summer stood up. Thankfully her black leggings hid most of the evidence of an accident. Summer grabbed her poles, and put her skies back on moving purely based on instinct. She started down the hill again, heading to her room where, she could get cleaned up, and go to bed.

###

Emily carefully made her way down the hill. She was moving at a snail's pace in order to focus on maintaining her footing, and her hold on her bladder. She had leaked a few time already, and was closing in on a full scale accident. I'm going to slow she thought. I'm not gonna make it! Emily looked around desperately for anything that would help her avoid her incoming fate. There! A small stand of pine trees separated the slope Emily was on from one on the other side. It would provide just enough cover for her to squat. Still moving slowly, Emily cut diagonally to her left, heading for a particularly dense patch.

As she arrived in the trees, her need was reaching its peak. She only had seconds to get her clothes off before she soaked them. Emily struggle with her skies, finally getting them off after what felt like an eternity. She sprinted to the cover of a tall pine, but half way there she froze in her tracks. It was too late. The hold that she had on her bladder failed and Emily began to wet herself. Pee poured out of her body instantly breaking through her panties. Then, it contacted the lining of her jumpsuit, and poured down her legs. Emily valiantly tried to regain control of her bodily functions, but to no avail.

The torrent of urine continued to flow, slinking into her ski boots. A stream fell from directly between her legs, darkening the snow below her. The insulation of her jumpsuit wasn't enough to hold back the river, and a dark stain began to form on the pink outer. The stain started at her crotch and slowly wound down stopping midway on Emily's calves. The black portions of the suit hid the accident well, but there were enough pink areas to still show her accident. After what seemed like an eternity, Emily stopped peeing, and sighed. She felt exhausted, as if she had just run a marathon. Wearily, she slid her feet into her skies, grimacing at the wet material of her jumpsuit rubbing on her already soaked legs. She began her trek down the slope, hoping no one would notice her accident.

###

Natalie had made a big mistake. She had waited at the bottom of the hill for her friends for over 15 minutes before realizing they had already gone ahead to the hotel. Now she was in trouble. that fifteen minutes had been costly on her bladder, and as she hobbled back into the hotel, she was feeling the effects. Natalie was forced to wait for an elevator that would take her up to her room on the fifth floor. She couldn't help but bend nearly double, hands between legs. She was sure he must have looked weird to any one watching, but she didn't care. The only thing on her mind was not wetting herself.

Finally the elevator arrived, and Natalie hopped in. A short time later, she was stumbling into her room. She burst into the room, running for the toilet. Natalie pushed the door open and sighed in relief. The toilet was right before her, looking as inviting as a throne in her current state. As if sensing that relief was near, her bladder spasmed sending a jet of pee into her underwear. Panicking Natalie reached for the clasp on her snow pants. She fiddled with the clasp, all the while squirming around like a fish out of water. It only took a few seconds to realize the problem. The button was stuck. No, no, no, no ,no! Natalie thought. This can't be happening! She continued to work at the clasp, legs scissoring in an attempt to contain the ocean in her bladder. Periodically she was forced to move her hands back into her crotch to stop from pissing her pants. The struggle continued for a minute before Natalie's time was up. She whimpered as she lost control for good.

Pee exploded form her womanhood, her bladder muscles failing. Her underwear was ruined almost immediately. The layer above that was a pair of leggings that she had worn for extra protection from the cold. They were also quickly soaked, as piss poured all over Natalie's lower body, covering her legs. Her snow pants fortunately weren't as easily breached, and they contained the pee from spilling onto the floor, Unfortunately, that meant that it stayed surrounding Natalie's legs, and it continued to work its way across her thighs, calves, and even moving onto her butt.

A stream of pee found its way down past her ankles, spreading into two distinct puddles on the floor. As the stream died down, Natalie was finally able to loosen the button on her snow pants. She pulled them off and looked down to inspect the damage. It wasn't good. Her leggings, which were white, were completely soaked. They had turned grey almost back to front. Natalie slipped out of her sodden clothing and stepped directly into the shower. She washed a way the urine coating her body, then cleaned up the bathroom floor. I can't believe this she thought. I just wet my pants. What would the others think if they saw me like this?

