The Black Forest (Overwatch)

Author: JackFrost16

*000*2020-05-07 16:37

It was Thanksgiving, Brigitte's favorite time of the year. Every thanksgiving, her family had a few friend over. They would all enjoy a meal cooked by Brigitte's mother and talk for hours. This year Reinhart and Tracer were coming over. She and Tracer were good friends, and Reinhart had known her father, Torbjorn for years. It was looking to be a great year.

At about five o'clock the guests arrived. First Tracer showed up and then Reinhart about ten minutes later. As everyone sat down in the living room of Brigitte's small hose in Sweden, she felt a small pang in her stomach. After a few seconds she realized she needed to use the restroom. Her need was far from dire though and she ignored it. As usual, the conversation between Reinhart and Torbjorn had turned to old war stories they've told a hundred times before. Tracer asked: "Hey Brigitte, why don't we go for a stroll in the woods?".

"Yeah sure" Brigitte said. She would do anything to not hear these stories again. Brigitte briefly thought of her bladder and wondered if she should use the restroom. she dismissed the idea. We won't be gone long, she thought.

###

Brigitte wasn't the only one who knew of her family Thanksgiving party. Widowmaker also had heard rumors that the party would be happening, and Talon had sent her to take out some of the Overwatch agents attending the celebration. She waited in the forest outside, waiting for someone to step out of the house.

After a solid five hours of waiting she saw her chance. Brigitte and Tracer had just stepped outside. Unfortunately for Widowmaker, they had exited on the other side of the house and she couldn't get a clear shot. That was alright. She could wait. Widow slid down from the tree she was on and started to follow.

###

Tracer was enjoying herself. She liked talking to Brigitte and was really feeling the holiday spirit. It was nice to take a break from the constant fighting that came with being a part of Overwatch. One thing she wasn't enjoying was her full bladder. On the way to Brigitte's house she had needed to go and had even contemplated stoping at a gas station to use their bathroom but had thought better of it. Now almost two hours later her situation was even worse.

Brigitte was also having trouble. Her need had increased significantly in the past twenty-so minutes they had been walking. She wondered if she would need to stop behind a tree. Thats silly, she thought. I'm not a child. I can easily hold it.

The two girls continued to talk about everything from their dating life, to TV shows they liked, to being in Overwatch.

"Hey Tracer?" Brig asked.

"Yeah?" came the reply.

"What do you think is the worst part of being in Overwatch?" Brigitte had always wondered this. Tracer had been a part of Overwatch since the beginning. She must have had some pretty bad experiences.

"Well love that's easy!" said Tracer. "the worst part is going out on a mission, and peeing myself!"

"Really!?" said Brigitte. "isn't it like, getting hurt or something?"

"Not at all. I can deal with hurting myself but not the embarrassment that comes with having an accident in the field."

"Wow" Brigitte said. "How often does it happen?"

" Almost every time. That's the worst part" said Tracer.

Both girls laughed and continued walking. That conversation had made Brigitte even more conscious of her now growing need. She was still sure she could make it, it just might be closer that she originally imagined.

###

As Tracer bent down to tie her shoe, suddenly a gunshot rang out through the forest. Tracer and Brigitte quickly ran to stand behind a very large tree as a second shot rang out.

"What is that?" Brigitte asked as Tracer stuck her head out around the tree.

"It's Widowmaker. I could see that purple jumpsuit from a mile away."

"Damn" Brigitte said. Widomaker was Talon's most talented assassin. They were in trouble. Widow maker continued to fire off shots into the tree trunk, hoping to get a bullet through. None of this was helping Brigitte's bladder. She was terrified and as such, had to pee even more. This wasn't helped by the fact that she was unarmed. Instead of her usual battle armor, Brigitte was wearing a wool sweater and a pair of black leggings. Not the pest attire to fight in.

Fortunately, Tracer was in a better position. She didn't have her weapons, but her preeminently installed chrono-accelerator allowed her to blink and recall.

"Ok I have a plan" said Tracer. I'm going to blink around behind Widomaker and try to scare her off. You stay put for now."

"Ok" Brigitte said. she wasn't really in the position to fight anyway. As Tracer blinked away, Brigitte started to think she might not make it after all.

###

Every shot that hit the tree found Brigitte even more terrified. She was fighting her hardest against her bodily urges, and knew she couldn't hold it for long. She had both hands pressed into her crotch and her legs tightly crossed. Where is Tracer? she thought. I hope she's alright. As another shot found its way into the tree trunk, Brigitte felt a small drop escape into her panties. She whimpered.

Her mind alternated between being scared of the sniper and being scared of peeing herself. Every shot caused her to leak a little into hr pants. She was on the verge of tears. Every fiber of her being was holding her bladder back and yet it still wasn't enough. There was wetness all the way to the middle of her thighs. A small stream escaped. Brigitte was just barely able to stop it. It wouldn't be long now.

Brigitte could fell herself losing control. Any second now and she would wet herself. Tears were pouring down her face. She had never been this embarrassed in her life. Finally one of Widowmaker's shots pierced the tree. Just above Brigitte's shoulder a bullet popped through the trunk this was the last straw. As the shell hit the ground, Brigitte started to pee.

Her hands and crotch were instantly soaked. As the piss streamed down her legs, Brigitte felt like a child. The stream slowly made its way down her thighs, past her knees and calves, soaking the ground beneath her. Her butt was also wet, as well as the back of her legs. Her black leggings glistened in the waning daylight. Brigitte sank down to the ground and started to cry.

###

Tracer made her way back to the tree where Brigitte was hiding. she had successfully fought off Widowmaker, even without her guns. As she neared the tree, tracer heard crying and picked up her pace. As she rounded the tree, Tracer saw Brigitte sitting one the ground in a small puddle. tracer instantly knew what had happened. She had been in the same situation before.

Quietly, Tracer knelt down next to Brigitte and put a hand on her shoulder.

"It's okay", she said. "It happens to all of us".

Brigitte looked at Tracer and was even more embarrassed than she was before. Brigitte had always looked up to Tracer, and was sure that the girl would think she was a child. Instead, Tracer helped Brigitte up and said;

"Don't worry love, I won't tell a soul". Still Brigitte was not reassured. Tracer sighed. She knew what she had to do.

"Would you feel better if I did it too?".

Brigitte looked up in shock.

"You would do that for me?" she asked.

"Of course.that's what friends are for."

Tracer closed her eyes, and let go. She felt her bladder release, and a second later the first drops of pee hit her underwear. Brigitte looked on in shock as a small stain appeared on Tracer's legs. As she watched it slowly expanded, reaching down her thighs and beyond. Tracer felt the warm piss sliding down her legs and tried to come to terms with the fact that she had just wet herself o purpose.

As Tracers stream finally died down, she looked to inspect the damage. Her pants were soaked, with stains all down both sides. she felt her ass and her hands came away wet. With a mutual sigh the girls started their walk home.

###

Widowmaker was furious. How had she let them get away? To make matters worse she, was cooped up in her ship on the way back to the Talon headquarters. Her ship that didn't have a bathroom. And boy did she need one. It had been nearly eight hours since she had last used the restroom. Her flight back to the Talon HQ would take a whole hour. She wasn't sure she could make it.

She had put her ship into auto-pilot, and was sitting with her hands jammed into her crotch. You can do this Emily, she thought. But even as she thought that she leaked a little. Widowmaker squeezed even harder. She couldn't wet herself. The endless teasing from Sombra alone was a good enough deterrent if not for her own embarrassment. Widomaker grimaced as she leaked again. She would have to hold it.

###

Widowmaker was on her last legs. Even as the Talon HQ rose on the horizon she knew she wouldn't make it. There was already a small wet patch on her crotch from her multiple leaks. As her ship neared the headquarters, her bladder gave up. Widowmaker had no choice but to sit back as she wet her pants. A strong torrent of pee shot into her crotch and pooled instantly around her sizable ass.

The stain on her crotch rapidly expanded, and joined with new wet patches on her thighs. By the time her ship landed she was sitting in a pool of her own urine. There would be no hiding it. Her skin tight bodysuit would highlight her accident for all to see. As Widowmaker headed inside she resigned herself to a lot of teasing..

