Nina's Reprise

Author: joshua030211

*000*2025-02-18 16:08

Hello! I've always sort of been interested in erotic literature and writing it, but it's just been a bog trying to find inspiration and motivation.

This story is based on a little Disney show I saw my nephew watching in, what, 2015? I just now started to remember that, and looked it up on the web. It's called 'Nina Needs To Go'.

This is a follow-up, (think of it as a legacy sequel of sorts) to these small stories that shows Nina as an adult, sporting a 'only weak people have to use the bathroom' mentality. I am an amateur writer, so any support is appreciated. Enjoy!

###

It was early in the morning when Nina felt the all-too-familiar tinge in her lower abdomen. No big deal. She is about to leave the house, before Frank, her slob of an older brother, speaks up.

"Make sure to use the bathroom, Neen!" Frank yells, walking into the hall from the kitchen with a beer and smelling of cigarettes and alcohol. "Ain't no Nana savin' you!"

Nina audibly groans. "I'm basically nineteen, Frank. I don't have to use the bathroom. And stop calling me that!"

Nina, as she walks out the door, can't help but cringe more at Frank's comment about Nana. Sheila's been gone for years. That son of a bitch." She thinks to herself.

"Pretty long day, you know?" Nat, Nina's airhead of a father yells to her while outside hosing down the side of the car. He laughs loudly.

"Don't even fucking say it." Nina rushes down the road to get away from this all.

Every single time I go anywhere slightly far. With. Out. Fail. Nina scoffs. She fixes her big white t-shirt when it falls off along her shoulder, and walks along the road.

Nina gets on her school bus quickly, walking down to a window seat in the back, a safe spot to think and ignore the growing pressure in her bladder.

"Hey, Nina." A familiar voice says next to her.

Amber, the only person who is nice to Nina sits down next to her. Nina looks up and smiles. "Hey, Am."

"You okay?" Amber says, looking down at Nina.

"I'm alright. Just tired." Nina says, having to press her knees together when she gets another wave of discomfort from her bladder. Amber notices, and grins slyly.

"Ya know... Testing's today. No breaks. Gonna be mighty long." Amber teases.

Nina tries to look angry, but a blush creeps onto her face. "Oh, shut up." She tries to ignore Amber's sultry gaze as the bus pulls into school.

Nina walks into school. She considers using the restroom before classes, but just knows she'll be made a laughingstock once again. She glances towards the door, one she realizes she might never see again until the day is over.

She quickly rushes past it, and into her classroom. Once the obligatory talk session from the teacher is over, they start.

Nina sighs, the hot air of the room unbearable. She takes big sips of water throughout the testing time, finishing her water in about 10 minutes.

Then, a pang of need hits Nina, realizing her grave mistake. But it's too late. She just has to bear it for now. Nina taps her foot rhythmically, feeling her sphincter muscles clench as her bladder fills and the pressure gets bad.

Her forehead glistens with sweat by the time tests are halfway done. Nina discreetly places a hand to her crotch area, and crosses her legs together.

That's when the water catches up to her.

Nina's breath catches in her throat as an unbearable sensation hits her. Nina's bladder fills to the complete brim, and begins to stretch out with all the golden liquid flooding into her, begging to be released. Every muscle in her body clenches, and she forces her tired sphincter to continue holding the torrent out.

Nina's eyes clench, and she grits her teeth together. You can hold it. Just a little longer.

Finally, at around 3:00, the school bell rings, right as Nina finishes her last test. She sighs in relief, but presses her thighs together, knowing her true relief is still to come.

But right as she is about to enter the bathroom, she stops.

Nina feels disgusted with herself. All this stuff about needing the bathroom should've been left in the past. Pathetic girl. You can't even hold yourself for eight hours. You're acting like your old self. Nina says to herself, hesitantly forcing herself to move on.

Nina stumbles downhill, basically doubled over, and sweating profusely. Her legs press together ever tighter, and she tries to keep herself from placing a hand to her crotch. Her red locks fall in her face, drenched in sweat as she tries to keep her composure.

Then she feels it. A wave of desperation unlike any other hits her, and Nina doubles over, placing both hands in between her thighs. Her exhausted bladder relaxes for just a moment, despite her trying her best to plug the flow. She can't stop it. A tiny spurt of urine exits her and into her panties. Nina's eyes widen, and her teeth clench as her body stiffens up.

She audibly groans, feeling just a tiny ounce of relief before plugging herself up again. Her eyes basically pop out of her head as she tries to keep herself from losing control.

Her vision blurs at the sides, and her legs tremble. I... Can't... Nina mutters through strained teeth to no one, as another spurt of pee escapes her bladder, trying to make more room.

She walks slowly, every step making the liquid in Nina's bladder slosh around uncomfortably. The rock solid and prominent bulge in Nina's bladder seems to grow every minute she spends walking.

Need to pee... Now... Nina looks around for an isolated place, knowing she'll never make it home in time. Then, she sees the perfect place.

Where Nina lives now, isn't exactly suburban, so it wasn't hard to find a patch of grass with trees hiding her from the path.

She quickly stumbles across the road, and crouches down behind a tree and some bushes.

Nina's eyes roll back into her head as every single muscle in her body relaxed. She props her body up by her arms, and trembles fervently as a flood exits her bladder. The stream exits perfectly horizontally, and gushed loudly onto the grass below. The hiss of her golden liquid could be mistaken for a rabid animal.

She moans loudly, her head falling backwards. The overabundance of piss drips down Nina's ass as she releases herself. The relief is orgasmic.

When she is finally done, her body lays limp, a wet and weak mess. 2 and a half minutes of pure bliss.

"That was kind of hot." A voice says from behind Nina, It's Amber, standing there with an almost enamored look on her face.

Nina's face grows beet red, and she quickly covers herself up.

"What the hell, Am?" Nina says, trying to sound surprsed but secretly wanting her to stay.

Amber flips her dark hair back, and smirks playfully.

"Wish it could've been on me, though." Amber bends down above Nina, and places a hand on her thigh. Nina's entire face is crimson, and she stutters utter nonsense.

"Hush..." Amber whispers. "I know you like it."

Amber leans in slowly, her eyes closing as she leans closer. Nina's breath catches in her throat.

As their lips touch, Nina can't help but lean into Amber's touch, wanting so much more.

Little did they know this was just the beginning.

