Jess and Sophie - Wetting each others panties!

Author: JMatthews1995

*000*2019-06-30 19:07

It was 8am on a Saturday morning. Jess had woken up in a very naughty mood and was determined to get Soph to play along with her naughty fetish all day.

"Morning Cutie!!" She said as she snuggled her self up against Soph. She gently slid her soft little feet up and down Sophs legs to tease her.

"You're chirpy this morning!" replied Soph, her eyes slightly focusing after being hit with the morning light.

"I'm in a naughty mood! Can we do something kinky today?" She whispered as she kissed Sophs neck.

"What are you thinking?"

"Well you know how I like to pee my panties? I was wondering if maybe I could pee your panties?" Jess blushed as she asked the question.

"What do you mean?" Soph quized.

"Well, I wet MY panties quite a lot. Can I wet yours?"

Soph looked puzzled.

"What? You mean pee my panties then make me wear them?"

"Mhmmmm" Jess snuggled her self up against Soph and gently slid her hand over Sophs dainty pussy. "I'm sure she'd love being all hot and wet all day!"

Soph, who was now getting very used to the idea of having a pissy pussy was not as phased as Jess expected.

"Okay.. On three conditions!" she replied.

"Really?! What's are those?"

"1, I get to pee YOUR panties all day as well. 2, You worship my cute little feet tonight for me. And 3, You lick me clean after I have spent the whole day wet with your pee!

"DEAL!!!!" Shouted Jess. She gently stroked Sophs soft little pussy under the bed covers. "Your poor little pussy is going to be sooooo pissy Soph!

"I know! But at least I know she'll be licked clean and I get my gorgeous little feet worshipped tonight." As she said that she slid her delicate feet against Jess' "I can't wait for my delicate little toes to be teased!"

Jess was really excited. A whole day wetting her girlfriends panties and a whole day with her pussy tingling and wet with Sophs pee! How could things be any more perfect?!

The girls decided that the first pee of the day would be in the shower. Jess wasn't as keen on the super strong morning pee and didn't want to make her girlfriends beautiful little pussy spend the entire day wet with her strongest pee. They both climbed into the shower and Jess began peeing as soon as she was in. The jet sprayed all over Sophs sexy legs and over her dainty little feet. She giggled as the pee splashed onto her soft little toes.

"My turn!" laughed Soph. She squat down and spread her pussy lips aiming her self directly at Jess' tiny feet. A torrent erruped from her pee hole and Jess giggled as she felt the hot pee spraying hard against her toes. It ticked quite a bit considering it was only a liquid.

The two girls were dressed and ready for the day by 9am. Jess was wearing a leather skirt, a pair of pink panties, and on her little feet a pair of converse. She knew Soph loved it when she wore he cons without any socks and she would often tease Soph by dangling her shoes off her gorgeous little feet.

Soph was wearing a nice summer skirt with a pair of white panties and a pair of cute sandles on her dainty feet. Jess was getting so excited to see Soph walking around knowing she would be wearing panties that Jess had peed for her!

The girls spent about an hour doing little bits and peices around the house. By around 10am Jess was getting tingly and wanted to get Soph wet. She hardly needed to pee but the thought of watching Soph pull her pissy panties up over her delicate pussy was really getting Jess turned on.

"I have to pee Soph!" Jess shouted to the other room.

"What? Already?!" replied Soph.

"Yup! Come and give me your panties!" giggled Jess.

"Okay hun" Soph was actually excited as to how this would feel as well at this point.

Soph followed Jess into the bathroom and removed her panties from under her skirt. Jess removed hers as well and then the girls both switched panties. Soph watched with interest as Jess slid her panties up over her pretty little pussy. Jess lowered her self softly onto the toilet seat and instantly released her pee muscles. The hot liquid sprayed into Sophs white panties and they instantly saturated. The wet patch spread gently upward around the front of Jess' pussy and the flow created a perfect little waterfall from the bottom of the panties.

Eventually the flow subsided and Jess stood up.

"My turn!" Giggled Soph.

She jumped onto the toilet and instantly peed through Jess' pink panties. The relief was lovely. Not because she had needed to pee for long, but because the hot trickle of pee was tickling past her throbbing little clit as she released.

Once she had finished she stood her self up in front of Jess and slowly slid the soaked panties down from between her legs. Jess did the same making sure to show Soph her glistening little pussy.

"Quick Soph put them on!" teased Jess as she handed back her soaked little panties "We don't want them getting too dry now do we!"

Soph slid them over her little feet and quickly pulled them up. Her pussy quivered as the cool wet fabric touched her glistening lips. She made sure to pull them up really tight so Jess could see the panties slipping up between her puffy lips. She teased Jess as much as she could.

"Ooooh Jess this feels soooo naughty!!" Soph whispered softly as she pulled her panties tight into a bit of a wedgie. "My little clitty is going to be tickled all day by my pissy panties."

Jess felt her own clit throb with excitement. Any second now she'd be trapped inside a pair of panties that Soph had peed and she was turned on like crazy!

"Put yours back on Jess." Giggled Soph. She watched Jess slide her bare foot out of her converse so she could slip it through the panties and then place her foot back into her shoe. She did the same with the other foot and then hiked her leather skirt up out of the way.

"Your poor little pussy is going to be soaked with my pee all day Jessy!!" Teased Soph.

"Mhmmm. She loves it Soph. She really does!" Mumbled Jess as the cold wet panties pressed against her soft lips.

As soon as Jess had her panties in position Soph reached out and grabbed the top of the panties. She pulled them up hard and watched Jess' facial expression as the tight panties slid up between her throbbing little pussy lips.

"You like that don't you Jess!" giggled Soph. "You like that your sexy little pussy is going to be soaked with my pee ALL DAY don't you!"

Jess managed a little mumble reply as Soph very softly spanked Jess' tingling pussy.

"She's such a naughty girl isn't she Jess?? What sort of girl gets turned on by her pussy being all wet and pissy?!"

"Say you Soph! You love feet!" Soph giggled. She was only teasing Jess but in her naughty mood Jess was easy to wind up!

With their panties gently clinging to their pissy pussies the girls decided to go out and have some breakfast. As soon as she heard she was going out Soph quickly change her skirt to a leather one like Jess had. She couldn't go around leaving little pissy bum prints everywhere could she?

They arrived at a cute little diner and settled down. By now both of their panties were just slightly damp. They had dried quickly due to the weather and both girls were loving being as naughty as they were. Sitting and eating was difficult, especially for Jess. Her pussy was tingling like crazy and she was getting ridiculously turned on knowing that Soph's hot little pussy was all damp with her pee. She wasn't being helped by the fact that Soph kept sliding her soft little foot up between her tighs.

"Stop it Soph!" whispered Jess.

"Stop what?" giggled Soph.

"Stop putting your foot up my skirt! People might see!"

"Nope. This table cloth is huge. No one will see!" Explained Soph as she slid her foot right up between Jess legs and pressed her toes gently onto Jess' damp panties. She watched as Jess quivered visibly and then began gently tickling her with her toes.

"STOP!" Demanded Jess.

"Okay. But you love it really!" Soph saw a litle smile on Jess' face. Of course she liked it! Any touching of her throbbing pussy now would definitely be making her close to coming.

The girls finished their breakfasts and 2 coffees around 11:30 and Jess was itching to re-soak Soph's gorgeous little pussy. As they left the shop she took a an alley way and then came to some public toilets. They had just been opened and were really clean and nice. They were the type that had a little pay thing on the front that unlocked the door. She paid, made Soph go in first and then glanced around to check no one was watching before slipping in through the door and closing it behind her.

"Hows your little pussy doing Soph?" Teased Jess.

"She's a little damp still Jess. But I think she's quite enjoying this challenge!"

"Good, because it's round two."

Jess watched with excitement as Soph lowered her still damp panties. She leaned in and looked closely at Sophs pussy and then gently kissed it.

"She's a naughty girly isn't she Soph?" Teased Jess "I can't believe your little clit is thobbing because you're wet with my pee!"

Soph giggled and said that she was getting to quite enjoy wetting. Being wet with her girlfriends pee made it even more fun!

Again the girls switched panties. Then Jess unlocked the toilet door.

"What are you doing?" Quized Soph, now wearing Jess' tight little panties.

"Did you think we were just going to pee on toilets all day?! That'd be no fun Soph!"

Sophs eyes widened.

"Oooooh public wettings! How naughty!" She giggled as if to emphasise how much she was getting to love this fetish.

"Yup. First one, on a park bench!"

The girls walked to the nearest park and settled on the bench next to each other. Luckily it was very quiet! As soon as they had sat Jess had adjusted her skirt so it wasn't under her bum. With a quick look around, she released her delicate pee muscles. A huge wave of pleasure over came her and a torrent errupted from between her legs, splashing all over the flood and all over her converse!

"Ohhh crap! It's all going in my shoes!" She announced, looking up at Soph who was totally fixated on the river flowing from between her girlfriends pissy pussy.

"Oohhh noooo! That's such a shame Jess!! Your poor feet are going to be all wet all day!" Soph teased as she too released her bladder muscles. The pee flooded through Jess' panties and all down the back of Sophs sexy legs and all over her soft little feet.

"Woops! Looks like mine are going to be all pissy too Jess!" Giggled Soph.

Once they had both emptied their bladders they quickly walked back to the public toilets to switch panties back. The walk there for Jess was strange as her gorgeous little feet splashed about in her pee soaked converse.

"My feet are soaked Soph!"

"Do you like how it feels or not like it?"

"I am not sure. I suppose, it feels, naughty??" Muttered Jess.

"Good. You can keep them on then! I'll worship those little feet clean later for you!"

The next two hours were spent in the local park. Both girls had bought a nice book with them and Jess had made sure to bring two large bottles of water with her to keep their bladders filling.

"Soph... My panties are drying!" Teased Jess who was lay on her side next to Soph.

"Mine too hun. Do you want to wee my panties for me do you?" Soph asked. The tone of her voice hinted that she was quite looking forward to getting her cute little pussy all wet again.

"Yes!!" Replied Jess instantly. "Lets go and do this one at home. I have a naughty idea!"

The walk back was quick. Jess' converse had near enough totally dried now and she was much more comfortable getting a hurry on knowing that pee wouldn't be splashing out of her converse! As soon as they arrived home Jess dragged Soph into the back garden and lay her on the sun lounger. She grabbed both sides of her leather skirt and pulled it down, revealing her damp little panties. She leaned in close and smelled her panties. The gentle fragrance of her pee was perfection. Jess flung her leg over to the other side of the chair, stradling the lounger and Soph.

"What are you doing Jess?!" Muttered Soph. The look on her face more turned on than worried.

"I'm peeing YOUR panties Soph!"

Jess hiked her skirt up high and then pulled her damp panties to the side. She lowered her self down onto Sophs private area and near enough pressed her pussy against Soph mons. As soon as she was in position, her pussy released the flood. A hot jet of pee sprayed forcefully out from between her puffy lips, spraying hard against Sophs panty covered pussy.

"Oh wow!!" murmuered Soph.. "Ooohh god that feels good!!"

Soph just lay back in the sun lounger, the hot pee flowing over her tight panties. She spread her legs wider and allowed the hot pee to flow down between her soft little pussy lips. At one point she gently pulled her panties aside and let the hot jet spray directly onto her throbbing pussy and delicate pee soak clit.

"Put her away Soph!" demanded Jess "She is supposed to be in pissy panties all day!"

"It was just a second Jess! She wanted to feel the jet more!"

"I'm just teasing! I'll let you off you naughty girly!" Giggled Jess as the last few drops trickled off her soft puffy lips. "That was so much relief!"

"My turn!" Shouted Soph. Sliding her self up in the chair and motioning for Jess to get out the way.

Jess quickly jumped out the way to let Soph stand up. As soon as she was off the seat Jess lay her self onto it and pulled her skirt down out of the way. Soph straddled the sun lounger and walked forward, aligning her dripping pussy with Jess' damp one.

"You ready cutie??" Whispered Soph.

"Mhmmm!" Muttered Jess.

Soph put her fingers under her panties and pulled them across revealing her glistening pissy pussy. Jess felt her clit throbb with excitement. Sophs pussy looked soooo tasty glistening wet with her pee! Soph lowered her self down so she was practically sat on Jess pussy and released a powerful jet straight at her panties. A wave of pleasure came over Jess as her swolen clit was soaked by Sophs hot pee.

"Mmmm ooh oooh god Sophh!! Yesssss!" Mumbled Jess as her pussy bathed in Sophs hot torrent. "My god this feels good!!"

Soph rearranged her position and pulled Jess' panties across so her pee was spraying directly onto Jess' throbbing clit.

"Ooooh my god I'm gonna cum Soph!!" Yelled Jess, a little louder than both girls would have wanted.

"No you're not hun!" Replied Soph. Her voice a little forceful. "You're not cumming till tonight!"

She snapped Jess' panties back across her glistening pussy and finished her hot stream. As soon as she was done Jess pulled her skirt back up as she gazed up and Soph who was strandling her.

"I love you soooo much Soph! You know that?!"

"I love you too... my naughty, little, pee princess!" muttered Soph trying to come up with some cute pee related name for her girlfriend.

*002*2019-07-01 15:24

{{9 hours ago, Melificentfan said:

Hot damn that was so hot and fantastic I love the soph and Jess escapades

}}

Thanks :) I will have to finish off the rest of the days adventure as soon as I can :)

*003*2019-07-01 19:56

By the time they had both finished their 3rd soakings of the day it was around 13:30. Jess' converse had near enough dried and Soph was a tingly little mess knowing Jess gorgeous little feet had been all naughty and wet. They decided to drink tonnes and then get on with the house work. Jess wanted the next wettings to be proper soakings and was determined to fill hers and Soph's bladders fast!

2 hours of cleaning and working passed. Having drank 1l per hour both girls again had throbbing bladders. Jess decided to make the next panty soaking a proper loss of control wetting for both of them. Before leaving the house the girls swapped panties, Soph changed from her sandles into a pair of knee high boots, and then Jess dragged her out of the house, locked up, and lead them both to the local forest.

"First to wet them selves sleeps in their pissy panties Soph!" She anounced. She grabbed Sophs hand and started walking into the forest.

Soph was worrying. Her bladder was throbbing badly and she knew she wouldn't last long. Jess was exuding a huge sense of composure but deep down she was already on the brink of soaking her self. Her pussy was throbbing with desperation. She had treated the poor thing so badly all day making it stay soaked with Sophs hot pee and now it was begining to take revenge on her.

"Surely you don't want to end up sopping wet all night do you?!" She muttered to her pussy as she walked. "You'll be a stinky little mess tomorrow if you end up leaking now!"

Soph overheard Jess muttering.

"What did you say Jess?"

"Oh nothing, just muttering song lyrics!" She quickly replied.

Another 10 minutes or so passed and both girls were struggling to hold. Soph was visibly showing it by now and was constantly having a quick grab of her poor little pussy. Jess was trying to pretend like nothing was wrong but her little pee hole was quivering like crazy! She knew it wouldn't be long! If only Soph would hurry up and wet her self already! Each step was becoming more and more of a chore as her pussy begged for relief.

"Soph, you look like you're to peeee your self!" teased Jess, trying to show some composure as her pussy sent it's first serious spasm signal to her brain.

"So so desperate Jess!" Replied Soph. "I'm about to explode!"

Jess' pussy tingled with excitement and then her bloated bladder spasmed and sent a hot jet of pee spraying into Soph's panties between her legs.

"Oooh noooo!" She mumbled as she grabbed her pussy tight.

"Are you peeing Jess?!" Giggled Soph. "Has my sweeties little pussy given up her hold?!" She teased as she firmly gripped her own throbbing pussy.

"Nooooo.. Nooo she hasn't!!" Said Jess forcefully as she clamped her pussy firmly and forced her worn out pee hole to reclamp and stop the leak. "My pussy doesn't need relief at all!"

"Well in that case lets keep walking shall we?" Hinted Soph, slowly removing her hand from between her legs.

"Oh.. Okay... Sure.." Replied Jess. Her pussy was now properly begging for relief even though it was clamped firmly between her sexy thighs.

She began walking, one tiny step at a time attempting to keep up with Soph. She had never seen such determination from Soph and she was getting so horny thinking about how desperate her girlfriend must be. 5 minutes passed and suddenly Jess felt yet another hot jet spray into Soph's panties.

"Nooooo! STOP IT! STOP LEAKING!" She mumbled, sounding rather annoyed at her poor pussy. She attempted to re-clamp the flow but nothing she did would stop the flood. "STOOOPPP!!"

"Awwww is my poor little cutie peeing her self?" Teased Soph as she watched a waterfall of pee flooding down Jess' beatiful legs straight into her converse.

"It won't stop Soph!!"

"Just enjoy it sweety! Let that hot flow soak your pussy and fill those shoes!"

The hot flow gently subsided and Jess stood soaking wet in front of Soph. She lifted her skirt and looked at Sophies wet panties between her legs and then pulled them to the side slightly revealing her glistening pussy.

"Dirty thing! You deserve to be all pissy all night after that useless attempt at a hold!" She muttered.

"Yes she does Jess! Naughtly little thing clearly wanted to be a pissy mess ALLLLL NIGHT!" Teased Soph. As soon as she had finished her sentance her bladder gave way as well. A hot jet of pee sprayed into Jess' panties and a torrent flowed down her sexy legs totally filling her knee high boots and submerging her gorgeous bare feet inside them.

"Ooooh WOW Soph! You had to pee BAD didn't you!" Said Jess, looking rather impressed with her beautiful wet girlfriend.

"Sooo sooo bad! I thought I was gonna explode ages ago! I'm so impressed with my self!"

"I'm impressed too! I'm kinda glad I wet first as well! I Can't wait to keep this naughty little pussy all pissy and wet all night!"

The walk home was careful. Neither girl wanted anyone to notice that their shoes were totally soaked with hot pee. As they passed people they quickly pretended to be taking a photo or looking for a bird etc to have an excuse to not go splashing passed anyone. Arriving home at around 16:45 the girls went into the back garden.

Jess grabbed a towel off the washing line and then announced that it was time to trade panties back. She also suggested a very naughty idea that Soph would definitely like.

"Time to change panties hun. I need mine back soaked in your pee! Also, I want those boots. My cute little feet would love to be wearing a pair that your have soaked with pee!"

Soph's eyes lit up with excitement.

"Does that mean I get those sexy pee soaked little converse?!"

"Yup!"

"Deal!"

They both removed their shoes and tipped the pee out of them all over their little feet on the towel. They then traded panties and Soph watched with excitement as Jess slid her wet little feet into her knee high soaked boots. She slowly zipped them up and blew Soph a kiss. She knew full well she'd be getting her feet worshipped by Soph that night!

"You do realise it's only 5pm and we have peed our selves 4 times already! My panties are getting rather scented. So are my litte pussy lips!" Giggled Soph.

"Yup! Mine too! We have like 6 hours left though Soph. That's at least 3 more soakings!"

Jess' clit throbbed with excitement knowing she would have been soaked with her girlfriends 7 pees and would then be spending the ENTIRE night in damp little panties. She nearly came right there and then!

*006*2019-07-03 19:51

The next two hours of filling was spent chilling on the sofa playing video games. Both girls by now were well aware that their cute little pussies were getting quite scented and both were getting very turned on by the idea of licking each other clean. Around 7 they decided to head out to a local pub. There was one that Jess knew that had benches on the grass in the garden. The perfect place for yet another panty soaking! This time however they were cautious of the soft aroma that was emanating from between their legs.

"We should probably put some leggings on Soph." Muttered Jess as they were about to leave the house. "I can smell your panties!"

"Good idea! Shall we stick to wetting our own panties for the rest of the night then sweety?" Replied Soph.

"Yeah good idea!"

The girls both slid on a pair of leggings under their leather skirts. They both changed out of their damp shoes and slid their cute little damp feet straight into fresh pairs of converse. Soph tingled between her legs as she saw Jess' beautiful little feet being slid out of her damp pee filled boots from earlier! What a sexy sight.

Once at the pub they both ordered the largest coctail possible and a meal. They settled out in the garden and chatted. Jess was always really turned on by being wet in public. Specially when they were being as sneaky as there were now!

"Quick! Lets go pee before the food arives!!" Exclaimed Jess.

They slipped away from the table having finished thier coctails and hurried into the large disabled toilet. It was perfect for them to both go in and be able to still have a little space. Jess quickly slid her leggings down and sat her self on the toilet. Totally neglecting to remove her panties as usual. As casually as she would be peeing normally a torrent errupted as soon as her butt hit the seat and a torrent flowed straight through her panties, bathing her gorgeous pussy in pee for the 5th time of the day! The flow subsided after around 30 seconds. Jess went to grab some toilet paper and then giggled.

"Hahaha as if I was going to wipe my pussy then Soph!" She laughed as she pulled her leggings tight up over her dripping panties. "That can't even be force of habbit either! I hardly ever wipe after a pee!"

"You're so dirty!" Said Soph in a dominating sort of voice. "You can't help but be a stinky little mess down there can you?!"

Jess giggled and pointed out that is was Sophs turn. She slid her leggings down, settled onto the toilet, and the flow was instant. Just as fast as Jess'.

"You didn't even have to think about that then did you Soph?!"

"Nope!" Soph replied sounding proud of her self. "I have my pussy well trained now! Its like a tap. I can turn it on whenever I want!"

"Good girly! That's what I wanted to hear!"

Soph stood up. A few little drips splashed from her panties into her leggings around her knees. Then she pulled them up tight and re-arranged her skirt.

"We really are dirty girls aren't we Jess! I mean REALLY REALLY Dirty!"

"Yup" replied Jess. "Right, lets go get some more drinks."

Standing at the bar felt very risky for them both. Their wet little pussies giving out a rather fragrant scent could give the game away. Luckily the leggings did a good job of trapping their pissy panty smell right between their legs.

Walking back to the table felt amazing for them both. With each step their wet little panties slid further between their dirty little pussy lips, rubbing against their swolen clits.

"I'm gonna cum just walking home at this rate Soph!"

"You better not! That little pussy isn't even allowed to be washed tonight! You don't think I'm going to let it cum do you?!"

"Are you serious?!"

"Well I don't want you making your self a sticky mess before bed Jess!"

"You SUCK!" Exclaimed Jess looking rather stroppy. "As if you let me sleep in pissy panties but not after cuming!"

"Oh well! Too bad hun."

The girls sat and ate their meals with their damp little panties clinging tightly to their beautiful scented pussies. Jess was gently scissoring her legs, softly clamping and unclamping her wet lips around her throbbing clit.

As soon as they were finshed they hurried home. The walk felt amazing for Jess. Even more so for Soph who was getting really turned on by having her damp little bare feet in her converse. She couldn't wait to worship Jess' delicate little feet and she really hoped Jess would return the favor.

By the time they arrived home at 20:45 they had been wearing pissy panties for 10 and a half hours and had soaked them 5 times already! Their beautiful litte pussies were really getting rather scented and Jess' clit was begging for attention. Unfortunately it wouldn't be getting any, and her dirty little pussy would be pissy for at least another 12 hours thanks to her failed pee holding contest earlier in the day!

"I don't think we'll get the full 7 soakings in by the end of the night Soph!"

"Me neither!" Jess replied, putting on a very sad looking face.

"Maybe yours will as you can't take your panties off until tomorrow anyway!" Teased Soph as she slid her hand up between Jess legs and pressed it onto her still damp pussy through her leggings.

"Stop Soph!!" She muttered as her pussy tingled with excitement. "You'll get her all excited!"

"Awwww does she want some naughty relief Jess?"

"Mhmmmm. She's been begging for it ever since the first time I pulled your wet panties up over her!"

"Poor thing! She's in for a long pissy night then stuck in those dirty little panties!"

"Yup!" Replied Jess looking slightly miserable.

"Wanna lick my pussy now Jess? I think we can forget the last two pees!" Said Soph cheerfully. "And can I worship your wet little feet?"

"Baby I will eat every last peice of that stinky little pussy right now! Do what you want with my feet just so long as I get to munch your pissy pussy!" Jess' excitement went through the roof. It was time to lick her dirty girlfriend clean!

Soph dragged Jess up into the bedroom and then lay her self on the bed. She made Jess remove her converse to reveal her dainty little feet and then offered them up in front of Jess.

"To gain access to my sexy little pussy you must first kiss my gorgeous little feet"

Jess did as she was told and began softly kissing Sophs beautiful wet little feet. She got a little carried away and gently nibbled Sophs toes. Soph wasn't complaining. It was making her pussy quiver with excitement.

Once she was satisfied, Soph unzipped her leather skirt and removed it, leaving her lay on the bed with only her black leggings and stinky pissy panties covering her throbbing pussy.

Jess grabbed the waist of Sophs leggings and gently slid them down revealing her damp panties beneath. The pee scent errupted from between her legs and Jess' pussy tingled instantly.

"Look away Jess" Said Soph softly.

"Okay hun!" Jess turned her head away and looked down at the floor. As soon as her gaze was averted Jess gently slid her stinky panties down and dangled them off one of her feet. She then closed her legs together with her hand over stinky little pussy.

"Okay look back Jessy!"

As Jess looked up she found Sophs wet little panties hanging casually of the tips of her soft little toes.

"They smell soooooo good Jess!" She said as she hung them directly in front of Jess' face. "I bet your little pussy smells exactly the same!"

"Ohhh Sophy!! I wanna eat you so bad right now!!"

Soph giggled and opened her legs wide, keeping her hands in place over her pissy pussy.

"Do you want to see sweety?" Teased Soph.

"Please baby! I wanna see!" Begged Jess softly.

"You want to see my stinky, pissy little mess of a pussy?"

"Of course Soph. Pleeeease!" She muttered.

"Okay baby. Just for you!" Soph slid her hands away from her pussy. It was glistening wet and very very pink in colour. The scent of pee was srong and Jess felt her own pussy spasm with excitement.

"Oooohhh!" Mumbled Jess. Almost lost for words.

"She's such a dirty dirty girl Jessy! She's been pissy for 11 hours! Soaked over and over again! Bathing in your dirty pee as well as her own! She's been a horny little turned on cutie ALL DAY Jess! She's just waiting to be worshipped!"

Jess nearly came in her panties as Soph teased her.

"Go on then Jessy! Lick that poor little cutie clean!"

Instantly Jess dived in. Her tongue routed around every last bit of Soph's pee soaked little pussy. It was like a whirlwind whipping around all over her throbbing pissy lips. Soph spread her legs wide revealing her glistening little pee hole to Jess.

"Look at that dirty little pee hole!" She said to Jess. "Worship her Jess!! She's been a dirty little mess all day! And she beat you in a pee holding contest!"

Jess licked and worshipped Sophs wet little pee hole. As soon as her tongue touched it, Soph released a huge spurt of pee straight into Jess' mouth.

"DRINK BABY!" Shouted Soph. "Drink my yummy piss!"

Jess drank spurt after spurt as Sophs pussy began to loose any form of self control. Wave after wave of pleasure was overcoming her and she errupted into a spasming orgasm as a huge wave of squirt sprayed out into Jess' mouth.

"That...Was....Amazing!" Said Soph as she slumped back onto the bed a worn out mess of a girl.

"You tasted AMAZING Soph!" mutted Jess as she lifted her head from between Sophs wet legs. "I love you so much baby!!"

"I love you too Jess!" Muttered Soph between her heavy panting. "You really can make me cum hard baby!"

Jess had nearly cum in her panties her self. What a struggle the rest of the night would be for her poor stinky little pussy!

