Nami's Misfortune - One Piece Fanfiction

Author: Just some dude

*000*2021-05-08 02:30

So this is my first omo fanfic! It's a little short and a bit basic, but hopefully you enjoy it

Nami's Misfortune

Nami awoke early in the morning on the Thousand Sunny. Now that she had a room to herself, she was sleeping better. She felt the urge to pee. Very bad. Another good thing about having a room to herself was that she could do more things that otherwise would not be able to do if someone was also in the room. She had never told anyone this, but she had always taken to fascination to peeing oneself. She had found this out, shortly after joining the Strawhat crew. She would sometimes pee in a skirt or in dark shorts where no one could see her. And training for 2 years away from the crew just gave her more opportunities.

She laid there for a few seconds, before making a decision. She relaxed all the muscles in her body as she began to relieve herself while still laying there. The crotch area of her blue shorts began to get warmer and darker. Her light sheets and blanket darkened as she let out a soft moan of pleasure. Soon her bladder was empty. She looked and saw that her panties and shorts, as well as the sheets were completely wet with urine. Pee was running down her thigh slightly. She stayed there for a couple minutes before deciding to get up. She would need to wash both her bedding and clothes to make sure no one noticed.

She changed into her regular attire (bikini top and jeans) and got her pee soaked clothes and bedding to wash. Luckily, no one was up. She washed them until the scent and stains were gone, which by the time she was done, people were getting up. She managed to get back to her room and put her sheets on her bed without being seen. She walked out to the outside area of the ship. She leaned on to the balcony and almost immediately heard Sanji's voice. "Nami-swan!" Sanji motioned over to her with hearts inside his eyes. "I have some breakfast prepared for you! I cooked your favorites."

"Thank you, Sanji," said Nami. Sanji peered over at Robin who was behind Nami. "I've got something for you too, Robin!" Robin smiled and nodded. "What about mine?" Luffy asked. "Yours is in the kitchen," Sanji muttered. After everyone was done eating, Nami had to come up with a game plan for the day.

"Attention everyone!" Nami said. Sanji of course came immediately, but those such as Luffy and Zoro took a little longer. "We'll be stopping by a small town today for supplies. If you need anything for yourself, don't ask me. Everyone got it?" They nodded, some more willingly than others.

Eventually they were at the island. They were there for a few hours. After a bit, Nami started to feel the urge to use the bathroom. She actually needed to go to a bathroom, since she was in public. She started to try to find one. Her desperation began to grow. She found a bathroom but it the line was huge. She decided to try to get back to the ship. Nami gathered the rest of the crew together, but one. That one was Zoro. "Where is Zoro?!" Nami asked. "That moss-head could be anywhere," Sanji remarked. "Sanji's right!" Usopp said. "He could be anywhere."

"Well, we need to find him quick!" Nami said as she squirmed. They searched for about a half hour. Throughout that time, Nami began to get more and more desperate. She was pretty close to leaking. They eventually found Zoro, and continued back to the Sunny. Nami had to walk slow, so that she wouldn't burst. She felt pee leak into her panties. By the time they were at the ship, there was a small wet spot on Nami's crotch. Luckily, no one could notice it.

She ran up to the ship. She was closer and closer to having an accident. She put one leg in front of the other, so as to not leak anymore. She ran up to stairs into the bathroom. Before she could pull down her pants, she lost control. She knew what was happening. She was going to use the bathroom in her pants. There was no way to stop it. Her bladder muscles relaxed as she felt urine leave her pussy.

Her panties got wet. She could feel warmth on her jeans in the crotch, as it quickly spread. The urine completely soaked her panties and jeans. She let out a moan, letting more pee release. Pee ran down her pant leg eventually forming into a large puddle below her. After a while, the flow finally stopped. She looked down to see that she fully wet her pants. No way sugarcoating it. Nami blushed. "At least this happened with no majorly embarrassing factors." She peed a little bit more in her pants when she got back to her room. She sat in her wet pants for at least 15 minutes before changing and going back out. 'What a day,' she thought to herself.

*002*2021-05-08 23:24

{{9 hours ago, omocbc said:

Really good fic, just wish it was longer, we definitely could use more OP fics here

}}

As popular as One Piece is, there is surprisingly little omo stories on it. The best omorashi story for One Piece I’ve found is a story called “Robin’s Regret”

