~ Crossover Omorashi Shorts ~

Author: JusSomeOmoLove

*000*2016-11-25 02:53

She awoke to a gentle tap tap tap tapping on her window. Slowly opening her eyes, she looked to her window. Her eyes opened fully, not feeling the urge rest any longer at the moment. ''A Purrloin?'' She thought. But then another one came to her. ''Why is it.. Violet? I thought they were a plum color?'' The Purrloin continued to tap on her window. So she sat up, and opened it enough for the cat pokemon to enter, but not enough for the heavy rain to get into her room. It entered, staring at the teenager. |Took you long enough.| It.. said?

"Did you just say something to me?"

|Sure did.|

"Huh." They stood in silence for a moment, and the cat shook it's fur, attempting to make it dry, and to fill the silence with a noise.

"So, do you have a name?"

|Yes, I do.|

"And this name is..?"

|Violet. The Purrloin.|

"What's a Purrloin doing in the Sinnoh region?"

|Long story short, plane crash.|

"Oh, I'm sorry, Violet." She petted the cat's head, and Violet jumped in her pale blue hair.

|And your name is..?|

"Trinity." And she fell asleep, Violet cradled in her pale, thin arms.

The next day, Trinity woke up in her bed, the sun shining. The family Exploud apparently slept in itself, because her mother wasn't awake when Trinity went to get breakfast. However, she was perfectly fine with preparing cereal for herself. After all, she had met a Shiny Purrloin the previous night. In the Sinnoh region, no less! Mother would be so proud! As she thought this, her mother entered the kitchen.

"Good morning, dear."

''I FOUND A SHINY PURRLOIN LAST NIGHT, MOTHER!'' She hollered, so loud the entire Earth could hear, her eyes lighting up with excitement as she let her utter glee and joy burst out of her mouth.

"A Shiny Purrloin.. what a nice dream to have, dear." Her mother lazily muttered, preparing the coffee machine, and getting a mug from the cabinet. Her daughter stood, staring at her with disbelief. Trinity just stormed off to her room, not willing to say anything else to her untrusting mother. The cat was crawling around in Trinity's room, searching through it with it's large, red eyes. It glanced up at her when Trinity entered, about to open a dresser. Obviously, it didn't understand the definition of privacy.

|Morning, Trinity.|

"She didn't believe me. She didn't believe I found you." Violet sat on her bed, frowned, and shook her head in disappointment. Trinity sat next to her, tears beginning to form in her green eyes.

|Do you like your parents?| Violet asked after silence, and consistent head shaking. Trinity looked down at her, in shock. However, when she thought, she didn't really like her parents. They never seemed proud of her, and the only good thing she could think of that they'd done for her was let her live in their house.

She began packing up her bag, and that was the only answer Violet needed.

Hey guys! So as you can see, this is a story I'm starting. I'll try and post it once every couple of days, but I'll post more frequently if I'm on break or the like. As shown, this isn't just going to be wetting this, wetting that. However, I will have those every few entries. Every ten entries at the max. I'll try and have wetting after 1-3 chapters, but nonetheless, thank you, freshaloonie, for reading.

Peace! :3

- JustSomeOmoLove

