Ellie’s Injury: An NCIS Fanfic

Author: JamesK

*000*2024-09-16 08:38

This story takes place in season 11, episode 15 of NCIS, which aired in 2013. It’s a continuation from “Bishop’s First Stakeout”

$/104457-bishops-first-stakeout-an-ncis-fanfic/

I decided on a new thread because the title would become non-indicative, and I plan to have a few chapters of this story. Some will have messing, some won’t, but I will always annotate beforehand. This first chapter does include messing.

New characters:

Delilah Fielding: Margo Harshman

Fay Gussman: Challen Cates

Ellie Bishop’s first case as a (probationary) NCIS agent was nearing its end. A woman named Fay Gussman had been discovered to be buying faulty body armor on the cheap and selling the useless armor to marines for profit. Marines had already been killed or paralyzed as a result of this faulty armor. Gibbs was bringing in Gussman’s supplier for questioning while Ellie was working with DOD analyst Delilah Fielding to try and find which units were using the bad armor.

Delilah had been recovering from a drone attack that had caused paralysis below the waist, but she was right back in the thick of things. It was she who had discovered that there was a unit outfitted with faulty armor in the field at that very moment. Ellie and Delilah prepared to set up in MTAC (a secure telecommunications system) to try and get in contact with the unit’s commanding officer before those marines encountered enemy fire. Ellie liked to eat while she worked on something important like this because she always felt like it helped speed up her mental processes. So she went to a food truck out in the navy yard, picked up apple toast and some bananas for the both of them. She bought a soda as well, and when she got up to MTAC she saw Delilah ready and waiting.

As they ate, they did everything they could to get into contact with the endangered marines. They had no such luck, and Ellie soon felt a pressure in both her bladder and bowels. She usually pooped every day after work, but they were working overtime on this case. And for some reason (maybe stress from trying to track the defective vests) Ellie hadn’t gone last night. She pushed the thought out of her mind. There was no time for a bathroom break, not with a marine squadron going into a combat zone with faulty body armor. Once they finally did get in contact with someone who could help, they barely got a few words in before the marines on the other side abruptly said they’d be right back and cut off their cameras.

Ellie looked nervously back to Delilah.

“They said they’d be right back. Is…is the feed still live? Cause it looks like they cut.”

Delilah just gave her a small smile. “Boys sent you up to wait for word, huh? Rookie hazing?”

Ellie had a similar thought, but instead said “Two hot chicks...they probably figured we'd get faster results.”

“And I'm in a wheelchair,” Delilah said as she rotated said wheelchair. “Double points.”

Ellie didn’t really know how to respond to that and just gave an awkward smile.

“Oh, no, you'd be surprised. People go out of their way to help me now. Total strangers, boyfriends. I don't always need it,” Delilah said all of this very fast, like she had been holding on to it for some time.

“Well...” Ellie started, looking back to Delilah. “People are generally good.”

Delilah looked like she was having a hard time seeing the good in people right now. “Someone was selling defective body armor, and then someone killed that someone. And now we are trying to get some of those vests back from a U.S. Marine recon unit in Afghanistan,” she said.

“Well, I guess we all need help sometimes,” Ellie said.

“Maybe.” Delilah looked back at Ellie. “You read that in a fortune cookie?”

Ellie hesitated, then pulled the fortune slip out of her pocket. “Yeah.”

They both laughed before refocusing. Delilah and Ellie worked in vain for half an hour trying to contact the marine patrol, but were no nearer to reaching them than they were before. Ellie’s need was growing, her urge to pee at 6/10 and poop at 7/10. Suddenly, the phone on the desk rang. The sudden noise made Ellie and Delilah jump, and Ellie picked it up.

“This is Bishop.”

“Bishop,” Gibbs’s voice on the phone said. “Gussman’s got a meeting with her supplier planned tonight, at her trailer outside her gun show. She’ll be meeting us instead. Gear up, we leave in ten mikes.”

Ellie got up without hesitation and ran downstairs to the garage. As the team mobilized to arrest Gussman, she ran down her mental checklist: Weapons, ammo, body armor (non-defective) all present. Ellie donned her NCIS windbreaker over her ballistic vest and tied her long blonde hair in a tight bun. She loaded and holstered her pistol, then put her ballcap on her head. Ellie checked her watch; seven of the ten minutes Gibbs had allotted her to get ready had already passed. There would be no time to relieve herself. She bit her lip and felt a slight panic.

Ellie normally wouldn’t worry so much at her current level of urgency, but given her previous accident in Tony’s passenger seat she was much more wary. True to their word, Tony and McGee had not given her any grief over her wetting her pants, (they had actually been surprisingly understanding about it) but Ellie obviously didn’t want it to reoccur. Especially since she had to go both ways this time, and she rather liked the sky patterned bikini panties she was wearing.

“Feeling okay Bishop?” McGee asked.

“Hmm?”

“You look nervous. Just breathe, and follow our lead,” Tony said, putting a reassuring hand on her shoulder.

Ellie took a deep breath and nodded. It wasn’t just her bathroom predicament that was on her mind, but what they needed to do. She had qualified on her firing range and been issued her weapon, but she still had hangups. While working for the NSA she had time to analyze everything, take in all the evidence, and take her time choosing the optimal approach. But field work wasn’t like that; you don’t have time to take every possible outcome into account. You just have to trust your instincts, trust your training, and trust your team. The elevator ding took Ellie out of her introspection as Gibbs strode to the team, already armed and armored.

“Mount up. Dinozzo, take Bishop. McGee, with me.” Gibbs got in the driver seat of one of the parked sedans, and Tony got in the other. The rush as they drove to their encounter sent Ellie’s bladder and bowels into overdrive, putting both needs at an 8/10. She felt a cramp coming on and took some effort to stop it. She couldn’t help but release a minor and silent fart. Ellie’s face turned red as the cramp subsided, only hoping that the smell would not be too bad. She could tell from the fart that the subsequent load will be solid, but that was a small comfort.

Tony wrinkled his nose but didn’t look in Ellie’s direction. Not taking his eyes off the road, he asked “Something you forget to do, Bishop?”

Damn it, he can smell it, Ellie thought.

“Didn’t forget, just couldn’t take the time. We were trying to save lives, you know,” Ellie fired back at him.

“Maybe make time next time. I don’t want this to become the second most awkward car ride I have with you,” Tony said.

“How though? How do you prioritize?” Ellie wasn’t just asking about the bathroom. Gibbs asked a lot from his team, and it wasn’t easy to live up to. “There’s always so much going on, and at any given moment Gibbs can walk in and say ‘dead marine in Norfolk, grab your gear.’”

Tony considered it for a moment, then said “It’s just part of the job. Always be alert, always be prepared for anything. Keep a packed bag ready to go at a moment’s notice. And when an opportunity presents itself, take it.”

“That applies to everything?” Bishop asked, feeling another cramp and another fart coming on.

“Everything,” Tony repeated. Bishop farted again, still silently, and turned an even deeper shade of red. Tony was giving her very sincere advice about both her career and her life, but all she could think about was how badly she needed a restroom.

The team arrived at the meeting location to find Gussman smoking outside her trailer. Gussman’s eyes grew wide at the sight of the agents’ cars, and she rushed inside. The agents parked in a v formation, allowing them to take cover behind the cars. They exited and took aim at the trailer door.

Gibbs shouted “NCIS! Come out with your hands up!”

After a moment of no response, he murmured to the team “Go.”

A second later, automatic gunfire erupted from the trailer windows.

The team ducked back behind the cars, each agent trying to get a clear shot on Gussman. Ellie leaned too far out from cover, and felt a bullet impact on her body armor.

Pain exploded from her abdomen, and she fell to the ground with a yell of pain. She heard Tony call out her name, and then Gibbs saying “Now!”

More gunshots rang out as the standing agents fired relentlessly at where Gussman’s last shots came from. After a moment of silence, the trailer door opened- and Gussman toppled out, dead.

Ellie saw none of this, lying on the ground in pain. The bullet knocked the wind out of her, she could barely breathe. She felt a hot liquid pooling beneath her, and thought she must be bleeding. She had enough presence of mind to dip her fingers in the puddle and bring them to her face. Even in the dim light, she could tell that it was not blood.

“Bishop!” She heard Tony call out. The relief Ellie felt was mingling with embarrassment, as she realized that if she was not bleeding she must be wetting her pants instead.

“Bishop,” Tony said more softly, kneeling beside her. Ellie was still peeing, urine saturating her panties and dark jeans as well as the bottom of her windbreaker as she lay on the ground. She dimly thought to try and stop peeing herself, but her stream didn’t so much as slow down. Tony unzipped her windbreaker to reveal two rounds embedded in Ellie’s bulletproof vest. Ellie coughed and gasped out, finally regaining her breath.

“Oh, holy fish sticks, that hurt,” Ellie said.

Tony smiled as he could tell that Ellie wasn’t seriously hurt. McGee and Gibbs were also by her side now, looking relieved to find her not seriously hurt. Tony gestured at the two rounds stuck in the vest and said “Lucky you got the real thing.”

Ellie didn’t feel very lucky. She just felt very wet, though she managed to slow her stream to a steady trickle. She registered the sound of ambulance sirens approaching.

“Can't say the same thing for Ms. Gussman,” McGee said. “She tried using one of those faulty vests as a last resort.”

“Is she dead?” Ellie asked, feeling wholly unsympathetic. She finally stopped peeing at that moment.

“It all comes around, Bishop,” Gibbs said, grabbing her hand to help her up. As Ellie stood up, she remembered her other emergency. And she had no strength left to fight it. As soon as her ass left the ground, she felt the load inside her begin to drop down. She was unable to fully stand up, doubling over once she was on her feet as her turd began to turtlehead. Ellie tried her best to control it, but it was no use. Her body pushed involuntarily, and Ellie could only helplessly poop in her sky blue panties. Her turd tented out the back of her pants, then broke off into her panties.

“You alright?” Gibbs asked. He clearly hadn’t yet realized that the newest member of his team was in the process of pooping her pants right before their eyes. Ellie had no idea what to say. Her bowels started to push a second log out, and in her head the soft crackling as the poop slid past her ass cheeks was the loudest sound in the world.

It took everything in Ellie’s power to not touch her hand to the seat of her pants as she tried to hold on to the last bit of subtlety she could. She didn’t need to feel the butt of her jeans to know she must be showing one hell of a bulge. But none of the men saw it yet; they were watching her face, not her ass.

“I’m okay,” Ellie said. It wasn’t a lie; she was grateful to still be alive at least. Had she not been wearing a vest, filled panties would be the least of her worries. She felt one last cramp as that thought crossed her mind, as if her gut considered it to be permission. Not that her gut needed permission; the poop slid right out just as the previous logs had, curling against the already prodigious mass in her panties.

Bladder and bowels now empty, Ellie could finally think straight again. There was no chance that the three highly trained special agents in front of her would not piece together that she had utterly peed and crapped her pants, so she only had to decide whether it was more embarrassing to admit it to them or to stay silent. It immediately became a moot point as Tony knelt down to grab Ellie’s ball cap out of the dirt and saw the bulge in the back of her pants.

Tony straightened up, speechless for once. Gibbs and McGee looked between Tony and Ellie, and then the smell of Ellie’s pants reached them. They put two and two together and just looked at Ellie for a moment.

What felt like the longest silence of Ellie’s life was broken by Gibbs saying “Don’t worry about it.” He put a hand on her shoulder and looked her in the eyes.

“You were shot. Crapping your pants in combat is a far from uncommon. It’s happened to better men and women than me, and it doesn’t change anything. Do you understand?” Gibbs was gruff as always, but somehow a bit of compassion seemed to make it through. Ellie nodded, and took another few breaths.

The ambulance came onto the scene at that time, and McGee directed a pair of EMTs to Ellie. One was an early twenties clean shaven Hispanic man, and the other was a late thirties white woman with glasses. The men stepped away to give Ellie some privacy while the female EMT asked Ellie some assessment questions. The male EMT helped Ellie onto the stretcher. Ellie grimaced as she sat in her mess, but didn’t say anything. The paramedics seemed completely unphased by the load in Ellie’s pants, having likely seen much worse in their time.

After a few questions and a blood pressure test, the EMTs seemed mostly satisfied. The woman said “Okay ma’am, you seem to be in good condition. We are still going to take you to the hospital for a full examination; just to be sure there are no internal injuries.” Ellie nodded, then saw Gibbs approaching.

“McGee and Tony are talking to the other paramedics. McGee already called Jake and told him which hospital you’re being transported to. Let me know what the doctor says as soon as you can, don’t worry about waking me up.”

Ellie nodded in response and thanked him. She was discharged from the hospital the next morning no worse for wear, aside from some bruised ribs.

*001*2024-09-27 02:36

Here’s chapter two! This chapter doesn’t correspond to a specific episode, but still takes place in the season 11 timeframe. No messing. Some navy/NCIS terms that come up either in this chapter or future ones:

Probie: Probationary Agent, similar connotation to rookie.

Head: bathroom

Berthing: crew living space

P-way/passageway: hallways

CO: Commanding Officer, in charge of the ship.

XO: Executive Officer, second in command.

Ladderwell: staircase

Liberty: Off time

Master-at-Arms/MA: Navy police.

Secured: Closed/out of order.

Captain’s Mast: legal proceeding in which the CO can punish a sailor for non-criminal violations.

Muster: meeting for accountability purposes, to verify who is present.

Brow: ramp to enter/exit the ship.

LCPO: Leading Chief Petty Officer, usually organizes day to day operations of a division aboard a ship.

FLETC: Federal Law Enforcement Training Center, like a boot camp for all US federal agencies.

Jake Malloy: Ellie’s husband, played by Jamie Bamber

“Ellie.”

“Hmm?”

“Ellie wake up. You wet the bed.”

“What?” Ellie opened her eyes and sat upright in the bed. Her husband Jake was looking at her with concern. He was holding up a portion of the comforter that revealed Ellie’s wet butt and back. Ellie grabbed the comforter and threw it all the way off. A large roughly circular pale yellow stain covered her side of the bed, almost five feet in diameter. The light grey pajama bottoms she wore were much darker around her crotch, and the stain on her butt extended below her knees. She felt her shirt with the back of her hand, and could tell that urine had soaked the back of it to at least nine inches above the hem.

Ellie was speechless. Since her encounter with Gussman the previous week she was beginning to feel like she had a weaker grasp on her bladder control. Not majorly, but the need to urinate seemed to come up slightly more frequently, and slightly more urgently than before. She hoped that it might just be all in her head, but she just wasn’t sure. That maybe she was just paranoid after two accidents in front of her new coworkers, regardless of how understanding her team had been. But there she sat, in a very undeniably wet bed.

Ellie buried her face in her hands. This couldn’t be real. She had been an intermittent bedwetter for much longer than normal (her doctor at the time suggested it was due to bullying) but she hadn’t wet her bed in over a decade.

“Hey.” Jake gently pulled her hands away and grasped them tightly. “Go take a shower. I’ll put the bedding in the washer and bring your clothes to you, okay?”

Ellie wanted to say no, that she could do it herself, that Jake didn’t need to clean up after her. But when she looked at him, she could tell that he wasn’t being condescending or patronizing. He just actually wanted to help her. She slowly nodded, and made her way to their bathroom. She peeled off her soaked grey pajamas, then realized she had nowhere to put her peed in clothes in the bathroom. She stripped off her panties and shirt as well and wound them in a tight wet ball with her pajama bottoms. She then walked to the washer fully naked and threw her clothes in. She passed Jake as she returned to the bathroom, their yellow stained bedding in his arms.

“I already put my clothes in the washer, I’ll be out of the shower in a few.”

“Take your time sweetie, I’ll have coffee and eggs ready when you get out,” Jake said.

“Thanks.”

After her shower, she dressed herself in the outfit she set up before bed. Jake had brought her the light green shirt and a brown leather jacket. She wore plain white panties with a black waistband under light blue jeans, and white sneakers with grey striped ankle socks. So dressed, she ate the breakfast her husband had made before they each left for work.

Shortly afterwards, Ellie stepped out of the elevator into the NCIS squad room. Tim and Tony were already at their desks. Ellie’s preoccupation with her nighttime accident must have been clearer on her face than she thought, because no sooner had she sat down than Tony said “why the long face? Did you miss third breakfast this morning?”

“What? Why third breakfast?” Ellie asked, dodging the question.

“Well, hobbits eat second breakfast and I just figured you wanted to one up them.”

Ellie raised her eyebrows at him.

“Come on! Lord of the Rings? Hobbits? Tim, back me up!”

“No idea what you’re talking about,” Tim said.

“You guys are screwing with me right?” Tony asked incredulously.

They were indeed screwing with him, Ellie had seen all three movies opening night. But it was a rare opportunity to mess with Tony.

Tony looked crestfallen. He had realized by now that they were obviously messing with him, but he played along. “This is the biggest tragedy since-“

“A death threat against a navy captain?” Gibbs said, striding into the room.

“Yes boss,” Tony said.

“Bishop, are you medically cleared?” Gibbs asked.

“Uh, yes, as of yesterday,” Ellie replied.

“Good. McGee, take Bishop. USS Franklin D. Roosevelt out of Norfolk. Dinozzo with me, we’re putting Captain Dan Fuller’s family in protective custody.”

“On it, boss,” Tim answered.

The trip to Norfolk is not a quick one, but Tim and Ellie managed it just fine. They stopped for gas and a bathroom break, but were walking up the brow to board the carrier in no time. The XO, Captain Elijah Goodman, was waiting for them.

“Captain Goodman. Special Agents Timothy McGee and Eleanor Bishop,” Tim said as he showed his credentials.

“Welcome aboard,” Goodman said as he shook Ellie’s and Tim’s hands. He was a slightly short white man, dressed in a Captain’s flight suit with brown boots. He wore glasses and had his hair shaved. The captain then indicated that they should follow him up a ladderwell. Ellie grimaced internally at the thought of climbing all those stairs, as her ribs still hurt where Gussman had shot her body armor. But she followed without complaint; her doctor had said she was fit for full, and Ellie had no intention of letting anyone doubt it.

“I hope to get this all sorted out soon. We are supposed to start our deployment this week, but last night one of our crew reported a threat against Captain Fuller graffitied in one of the stalls of the air-2 division’s head. It’s right this way.”

“Who has access to that head?” Tim asked.

“There are two entrances, one in the berthing and one in the p-way. Anyone could have entered it, at any time after 0800 yesterday,” Captain Goodman replied.

“Why 0800?” Ellie asked.

“Morning cleaners. The division LCPO does an inspection of all the spaces belonging to Air-2 division, every morning. So that graffiti couldn’t have been there yesterday morning.”

“Could the chief have simply missed it? A lot of graffiti in ship heads,” Tim said.

“Not this head. Chief Patel is very thorough, and he had it spotless for deployment. Painted over graffiti, stall walls so clean you can use them as mirrors.”

“ATTENTION ON DECK!” They had arrived at the bathroom in question, which was currently taped off with SECURED written on a prominent sign. A young Master-At-Arms was standing a boundary watch to ensure that no one would enter the crime scene; it was he who had announced the XO’s arrival.

“As you were,” Captain Goodman said. The MA nodded and stepped to the side. The three entered the space, and Ellie had to admit that Goodman was right about the head’s cleanliness. The metal sinks and stall doors were nearly reflective, and she couldn’t spot a single stain on the deck or even any dust overhead. The graffitied stall door was open, revealing the threatening message written on it in sharpie. There was a simple house drawn, the kind people idly draw in the margins of a notebook. The house had a captain insignia drawn over it, and it was clearly on fire. ‘Fuller’s gonna burn for this’ was written above the flames.

“Looks like a threat to me,” Ellie muttered as she brought her camera to her eyes. She snapped a picture of the drawing, and began taking other pictures of the scene.

Tim turned to Captain Goodman and asked “Does Captain Fuller have any enemies? Anyone who would have a particularly strong vendetta against him?”

Goodman looked over his shoulder towards the hatch they entered through, and then at the one at the other end of the head leading to the berthing.

“Captain Fuller has quite a few. A lot of the crew think he’s a hardass. There was a string of DUIs a month back, and the captain cracked down on everything. Liberty expirations, weekend phone musters, that kind of thing. A good number of sailors ran afoul of the tighter rules, and he threw the book at them at Captain’s Mast. We still have twenty-five sailors on restriction; a lot of them were pretty belligerent when they spoke to him.”

“Restriction?” Ellie asked.

“It’s a punishment that can be awarded at Captain’s Mast. Restricted personnel are confined to the ship unless with a work party or escort. They have any electronic devices or other entertainment items confiscated for the duration of punishment. They are required to wear a red badge at all times, and to muster several times a day with a designated Master-At-Arms.”

Ellie felt a twinge in her bladder while the XO spoke, but put it out of her mind. She would need to visit a women’s head once they were done here.

Tim asked Goodman “So you think the restricted personnel are the most likely suspects?”

“Just the men. This is a male head after all, it seems like it would be an unnecessary risk to enter if the suspect was female,”Goodman said.

“It’s also an unnecessary risk to threaten to burn down the house of a captain of an aircraft carrier, but here we are,” Ellie countered.

“We can’t rule anything out yet. But without any other leads to go on, it does make sense to start with the people who were most recently punished by the CO. When and where is the next restriction muster?” Tim asked.

“Fifteen minutes, at the forward end of the hangar deck. Security’s space is right there too if you want to speak to the petty officers running restriction,” Goodman said.

“Thank you Captain, we’ll keep you posted. Are you done with the pictures, Bishop?”

“Yep.” Ellie raised her camera toward Tim.

“Alright, let’s go talk to security before restriction muster, we’ll need to interview all twenty-five restricted personnel,” Tim said.

“Sounds good,” Ellie said. Privately she wished there was a little bit more time; she had hoped to use the bathroom. But it wasn’t yet a pressing need, she might just be feeling extra cautious after her bedwetting accident that morning.

The pair spoke with security and arranged to interview each of the restricted personnel. There were twenty-five people currently on restriction. The SECO (Security Officer) allowed the agents to use his office for the interviews. It wasn’t really an interrogation, as Tim and Ellie didn’t really have any compelling evidence against any of the specific restrictees. But they needed to start somewhere.

The MAs conducted their muster and brought the restrictees to wait outside SECO’s office. Tim instructed them to keep the restricted personnel from speaking to each other while he and Ellie conducted the interviews.

The interviews did not prove to be enlightening; each one of the restrictees seemed to have at least a mild dislike of their CO, and several outright hated him. Ellie’s bladder was filling steadily, but they weren’t even half way through. Each suspect took at least twenty minutes, from Tim and Ellie asking probing questions, verifying some of the answers, and asking them to write several words on a piece of paper. The paper was Ellie’s idea; get them to write innocuous words that included all the same letters as the threat. Each restrictee would write with each hand in turn to make sure that they aren’t lying about their dominant hand. It would be the easiest way to tie one of them to the written threat when Abby compared the writing from the interview with the handwriting on the threat.

With fourteen suspects left to interview, Ellie started to fidget.

Thirteen suspects left.

Twelve. Ellie was in constant discomfort, but she didn’t want to bail on the interviews.

Eleven. Ellie had a thin film of sweat on her lip, and could no longer hold still. Tim finally spoke up, having noticed Ellie’s discomfort two interviews ago.

“Why don’t we take a break, Bishop? These interviews are taking awhile. We’ll come back in fifteen minutes.”

“Okay,” Ellie said. She was grateful for the lifeline. She really didn’t want to have to ask for a break, but she was about to anyway before Tim spoke up. She was closer to her breaking point than she would have expected; she didn’t think she could wait through another interview. Ellie got up, and both agents exited the room. They locked the door behind them; they were given the code, and they needed to stow their gear in a secure space. There was a male head two hatches down from the security space, but the closest female head was one deck above. Tim made for the male head, and Ellie took a step up the ladderwell. When she took that step, she leaked.

Ellie abruptly stepped backwards off of the ladderwell, almost backing into a female sailor. The sailor looked at Ellie quizzically before making her way up the ladder. Ellie looked both ways to see if anyone else was nearby, then felt her ass and the crotch of her jeans to check for wetness. Her jeans seemed dry at least. Ellie briefly hoped that she imagined the leak. She made it up the stairs and to the head without further incident, and sat down on a toilet. She looked at the underwear around her ankles in dismay; there was a clear wet spot, almost the size of a coaster. Ellie looked at the pale yellow stain in the white fabric, and wondered how she had gotten so close to breaking point so fast. It had barely been an hour since she first felt the need, but she had leaked. She needed to do better. She needed to control herself.

Ellie patted down the wet gusset of her panties with some toilet paper to dry it as best she could. The whole place smelled of urine; it clearly wasn’t as well cleaned as Chief Patel’s head. But it meant that Ellie wasn’t sure if she only smelled urine from the head, or if her underwear also smelled like pee. There was nothing for it; it’s not like she had dry panties in her gear bag. She simply had to pull the damp panties back up, pull up her thankfully dry jeans, and get back to work.

Ellie got back to SECO’s office and saw that the door was still locked; Tim hadn’t come back yet. She typed in the code and entered. She saw her bag and remembered that, while she didn’t have spare underwear in it, she did have perfume. Ellie closed the door behind her and gave her pants a quick spritz between the legs to hopefully eliminate any odor she may have gotten nose blind to. Tim entered a minute later with some junk food from the ship’s store.

“How did you know I was hungry?” Ellie asked. She hadn’t even known she was hungry until that very moment.

“It seems to be a safe bet at any given moment,” Tim said with a smile. He tossed her a bag of chips and said “let’s get back to it.”

The other interviews didn’t provide any more insight than the previous ones, and Tim and Ellie had to concede defeat after the final interview.

Tim looked at her. “Well Probie? What do you think?”

Ellie snorted. “That any one of them might be willing to threaten Captain Fuller. And the rest of the crew might not be far behind. Our best bet is to get those handwriting samples to Abby for analysis.”

Tim looked thoughtfully for a moment, then said “I’ll get a hold of the captain’s mast records for the past six months as well. I think we should read through those in case the handwriting lead doesn’t pan out.”

“I’m on top of it.” Ellie and Tim left their request for the files with the ship’s JAG office, then made their way back to NCIS.

The handwriting sample did indeed identify a suspect, and Ellie and Tim brought him in for a real interrogation. Gibbs got a confession, and the case was closed. Ellie was happy with the work she had done, but still felt perturbed. She had come much closer to wetting herself while interviewing a suspect than she wanted to think about, and she was worried. She would have to be much more mindful of her bladder in the future.

*002*2024-09-30 08:25

This is another wetting only chapter. The timeframe is still between episode 15 and 16 of season 11. This picture shows her outfit, except the shoes.

&&

New characters:

Jimmy Palmer: Brian Dietzen

Donald “Ducky” Mallard: David McCallum

Ellie Bishop still felt tired when she came into work Friday morning. Since her bedwetting accident three nights ago she had woken up at least twice every night to use the bathroom, and it was starting to wear on her. Ellie usually didn’t even need to pee that badly when she was waking up, but she was not willing to risk two wet nights in the same week. She stopped drinking coffee, hoping that cutting out the caffeine would strengthen her bladder. The team hadn’t had any major crime scenes to work at in that time, so she at least had nothing but office work to worry about. An easy time to get up and pee whenever she needed to, not needing to hold it through any kind of emergency responses.

She was wearing a grey sweater over a denim collared shirt and jeans. On her feet were black lace up boots and blue merino wool socks, and her boyshort panties had a blocky pattern that reminded her of Tetris printed on them.

Ellie entered the NCIS lobby and checked in through security, then spotted Tim behind her. She waited a moment so they could ride the elevator up together. Tim waved at her, walked up and said “Good morning Bishop!”

“Morning McGee.” Ellie replied as they entered the elevator.

“You okay?” Tim asked. “You seem a little off this morning.”

“Hmm? Yeah, I’m just really regretting cutting out coffee this week. Didn’t sleep well last night.”

“Well if you’re really hurting for a coffee, one cup wouldn’t be a big deal,” Tim suggested.

“Nope,” Ellie said. “Cold turkey. It’s how my brother quit smoking and it’s how I can quit caffeine. So I can just suck it up and keep my bad mood. You seem in a good enough mood for the both of us anyway.”

The elevator door opened, and they exited together.

“I am. Delilah and I are planning a trip to Disney and Universal. See the Harry Potter park, Space Mountain, all that stuff.”

“Nice,” Ellie said.

“Yeah, we haven’t had a trip like this in forever.”

“It sounds like a great time!” Ellie said with a smile, feeling genuinely happy for them.

As they sat down, they saw Tony already at his desk. “Well, have a enjoy your time in Florida McMickey,” Tony said as they approached.

“Thanks Tony. But it’s a long time off, we’re going in the summer.”

“Ooh, smart money is to go during winter. Florida doesn’t get too cold, and tickets are cheaper,” Ellie said.

Tim was about to respond when Gibbs walked in. “Bishop, McGee, check your email. Cyber crime just sent over a few dozen files pertaining to an embezzlement scheme. Dinozzo, MTAC.”

“On it boss,” Tim and Tony said in unison, with Ellie a split second behind. Tony hopped up to follow Gibbs upstairs, while Ellie and Tim signed into their respective email accounts. Ellie groaned at the massive files she found in her inbox.

“You too?” Tim asked. His workload was clearly similar. Ellie nodded resignedly. Her files were hundreds of Leave and Earnings Statements, from hundreds of sailors, who were all out thousands of dollars. Ellie sat up straighter, realizing that this was a serious matter. Lots of service members don’t make much money, and losing a paycheck could be very damaging.

An hour later, Gibbs and Tony walked back into the squad room. They didn’t say anything, but Gibbs pointed at the plasma screen. Ellie stepped out from behind her computer and sat on the edge of her desk, crisscrossing her legs and leaning forward.

Tony picked up the clicker and introduced their case. “Meet Elise Holland, age 38, works as a civilian accountant with the Navy Personnel Command. She’s been skimming off paychecks for well over four years, diverting funds into an offshore account. It was slow going, stealing amounts from each service member that were small enough to escape notice. But, by expanding the net wide enough to steal from thousands of sailors…”

“She pockets thousands of dollars a month,” Gibbs finished. Ellie’s bladder gave a twinge at that moment, but she ignored it. Gibbs wouldn’t be happy if she tried to walk away from a briefing.

“Exactly,” Tony confirmed. “Now, she could have kept this going for years, slowly stealing nickels and dimes from military personnel, but it seems she got greedy.”

“Stealing money off of sailors isn’t already greedy?” Ellie asked.

“Fine, greedier. She upped her program. When Holland ran it last night, instead of squirreling away negligible amounts, she stole entire paychecks. That little stunt netted her just shy of five million dollars, which then vanished. Along with herself,” Tony said.

“What?” Ellie and Tim both asked.

“She vanished last night, without a trace. No credit card transactions, phone signal, or toll booth picture,” Tony answered.

Gibbs glared at the screen for a few moments, then gave Tim a look.

“I’ll look through her digital footprint, see if there’s any indication as to where or why she disappeared,” Tim said.

“I’ll go to last known location and canvass the area, talking to neighbors and known associates,” Tony said.

Ellie was staring at the TV, seemingly lost in thought. The other three looked at her for a few moments, waiting for her to take initiative.

Tony leaned toward Ellie and whispered “This is the part where you look for a lead to follow, Probie.”

Ellie jumped, shaken out of her reverie, then said “Uh I’ll put out a BOLO on Elise Holland, and start looking through her transactions. See if I can find a pattern.”

Gibbs nodded, then walked off. Tim and Tony set to work, and Ellie grabbed her laptop. If she was going to scan through dry financial documents line by line, she needed a quieter workspace.

Ellie stepped off the elevator outside the NCIS morgue and saw Jimmy Palmer, the assistant medical examiner.

“Hi Bishop! What brings you down here?” He said cheerfully. Jimmy was often chipper like this, as was Donald “Ducky” Mallard, the chief medical examiner. As the thought crossed Ellie’s mind, she considered it might help them in dealing so personally with death.

“I just got a major info dump I need to read through. Since you don’t have any bodies down here right now, I was hoping I could work here?” Ellie posed the last sentence as a question.

Jimmy considered for a second, then said “Dr. Mallard has let you work down here before, so I think it’ll be fine! As long as he doesn’t kick you out when he comes back, you’re welcome to stay.”

“Thanks Jimmy,” Ellie said, hopping up on one of the tables and starting her laptop. She still hadn’t gone to the bathroom, but she did not take the opportunity to relieve herself. There was a bathroom just outside autopsy, so she shouldn’t have any issue reaching it in time. She decided to wait, try and regain some of her bladder stamina. She was hesitant to attempt this upstairs, where there were a lot more people around and the (unlikely) possibility that all the stalls would be taken when she needed them. But she felt secure in pushing her limits down in autopsy. So Ellie turned on her headphones, selected her music and got to work.

She read through pages and pages of bank statements, trying to make connections between the victims. As she read, her bladder continued to fill. She sat cross legged on one of the cold steel tables, using her overcoat as a cushion. It wasn’t exactly thrilling work, but it will be well worth it when they catch Holland and return the stolen money to the sailors.

After an hour of reading Ellie really needed to take her pee break. She took off her headphones and hopped off the table, stretching her arms out and rotating them. She looked up and started. She had almost forgotten that Jimmy was still in the room, just working at his desk.

Jimmy looked up and asked “Taking a break?”

Ellie walked to Jimmy’s desk (as it was on the way to the bathroom) and placed her left hand on it. She crossed her legs once they were out of Jimmy’s sight. “Yeah. There are only so many bank statements I can read without needing to take a walk.”

“I hear that. Any day I don’t need to do my job is a good one,” Jimmy said.

Ellie smiled. “Most people saying that are just being lazy. I don’t envy your job.”

“Well, we both have an important part to play. Just different ones. I couldn’t go around kicking down doors and trading shots with bad guys like you do, but I do love working with Dr. Mallard. Even on the bad days.”

“The feeling is mutual Mr. Palmer.” Ducky had just walked in through the other door without Ellie or Jimmy noticing.

“Ah, Eleanor! To what do we owe the pleasure?” Ducky asked when he spotted Ellie.

“I wanted somewhere quiet to work,” Ellie answered, keeping her other reason to herself. She was bouncing very slightly, her need to pee growing more sharply than ever.

“Yes, Jethro told me about your case. A woman stealing pay from service members.”

Ducky strode toward the coat rack next to Jimmy’s desk.

“It brings to mind a story I heard about a parking attendant in the Bristol zoo. Although it is almost certainly apocryphal, I still find it relevant.”

And without warning, it started. Ellie didn’t know how, or why. All she knew was that she was suddenly urinating. A steady stream, completely involuntary, saturated her panties. Her eyes grew wide and she bit her bottom lip, but Ducky didn’t notice as he hung up his coat and hat.

“Decades ago, a parking booth was built at the entrance to the Bristol Zoo. For over twenty-five years this booth was operated by -“

Ellie stuck her hands between her legs, which she squeezed together as tightly as she could to try and stem the flow.

“one man. Every day, opening to closing, the man sat in the booth and collected parking fees from visitors.”

She was trying with all her power to get her bladder back under control, but it wasn’t working. Her crossed legs ensured only that the stain spread generously across the front of her jeans as well as the back, her pee not slowing down at all as it spilled out of her.

“One day he didn’t show up for work, so the zoo called the Bristol city council to ask for a replacement. The council told the zoo that their records indicated that the zoo itself was responsible for-“

Pee started to stream out of the cuffs of Ellie’s jeans, audibly pattering on the polished concrete floor. The noise echoed through the room and finally drew Ducky’s attention to the agent’s accident.

“Good Lord! Eleanor? Are you alright?” Ducky rushed to Ellie’s side and put a hand on her shoulder. This didn’t accomplish much more than putting Ducky’s shoes in the splash zone as the puddle at Ellie’s feet continued to grow.

“I- I um- I don’t…” Ellie stammered. Her pee stream finally started to die down, slowing from a strong faucet to a steady trickle. She buried her face in her hands, only to immediately lift her head back up; her palms were covered in urine. So she stood there, arms hanging limply at her side, avoiding eye contact with Ducky as the last dregs of pee drained out of her. After a long moment Ellie was finally empty, though residual pee was still dripping onto the floor.

Something about this accident made Ellie feel much more embarrassed than any of the previous ones. Maybe because there was no excuse for it; she wasn’t stuck in a moving car or being shot at with automatic weapons. Even her bedwetting seemed more understandable than this, because at least then she was asleep and nothing could have been done to prevent it. Here Ellie had wet her pants purely because she overestimated her ability to hold it.

“Don’t fret about it too much, Eleanor. This floor has seen much worse than your urine, I assure you,” Ducky said gently. Ellie chuckled and finally managed to look Ducky in the eyes. He gestured for Ellie to sit on the nearest table, then said “Tell me what happened.”

“I think it’s pretty obvious what happened, Ducky,” Ellie muttered.

“No, it’s not obvious. A perfectly healthy young woman like yourself doesn’t wet her pants for no reason. So please, tell me.”

Ellie stayed silent, unsure of how to proceed. Jimmy kept looking between the two of them, at a complete loss for words.

Ducky sighed. “Let me put your mind at ease. I take doctor-patient confidentiality very seriously, even though I don’t often work with live patients. Anything you say will not leave this room without your permission.”

Ducky then looked at Jimmy and said “Mr. Palmer, I think now would be a perfect time to take your lunch break.”

“That is an excellent idea Doctor,” Jimmy said as he briskly walked to the elevator, carefully side-stepping the yellow puddle in his way.

Ellie then spoke up. “Actually Jimmy, could you please bring me my bag? It’s at my desk, and I brought a change of clothes today.”

“Absolutely Ellie, I’ll be right back.” With that, Jimmy disappeared into the elevator.

“Now, Eleanor,” Ducky started. “There are showers right behind the emergency eye wash station. You can go clean yourself up and I’ll have a towel waiting for you. I’ll take care of the floor, now go.” He made a shooing motion in the direction of the showers. Ellie shuffled off in the indicated direction, grimacing at the squelching urine in her boots and wet jeans.

Each shower had two compartments; one on the outside to change in and the shower itself. Ellie left her top and her bra in the first compartment, and walked into the shower fully clothed from the waist down. She took off her boots and turned them both over in turn to pour the accumulated pee down the drain. She then removed her socks and wrung them out, doing the same with her jeans and finally her Tetris patterned panties. She then settled in for a long shower.

Meanwhile, Tim was still going through Elise Holland’s digital footprint at his desk, searching diligently for clues as to her whereabouts. He saw Jimmy approach from his peripheral vision and said “Hey Jimmy.”

“Hi Tim,” he got in response. Jimmy seemed flustered. Tim looked up at him.

“You okay there, Jimmy?”

“What? Me? No, yeah, I’m fine. Ellie just asked me to grab her bag.”

Jimmy was definitely acting suspicious. “Why?” Tim asked him.

“Oh, uhh, she spilled coffee on herself down in autopsy. So she asked me to get her bag. So she can change her pants.” Jimmy said all of this very fast for some reason.

“She keeps it under her desk,” Tim said with a raised eyebrow.

“Oh yep, there it is. Thanks Tim!” Jimmy picked up Ellie’s bag and walked back to the elevator. As the elevator door closed, Tim remembered Ellie telling him that very morning that she had given up coffee. So why was Jimmy lying?

A minute later, Ellie could hear the elevator door open from in the shower.

“In here, Jimmy!” She called out. She saw his silhouette against the shower curtain as he put her bag next to her shirt.

“McGee saw me bringing your bag down, but don’t worry. I told him you needed new clothes because you spilled your coffee.”

Alarms went off in Ellie’s head. She had told Tim that she quit drinking coffee mere hours ago. “Jimmy!” She exclaimed.

“What? What did- what did I do wrong?”Jimmy asked.

“I told McGee that I quit drinking coffee! He’s going to know you lied!”

“How was I supposed to know that? I had to say something! Tim wouldn’t have let me just swipe your bag without a reason,” Jimmy said defensively.

Ellie sighed. “I know. It’s not your fault. Just go eat your lunch, Jimmy. Thank you for bringing my bag down.”

Jimmy hesitated. “Okay,” he finally said. He left, and Ellie finished up her shower.

Ellie emerged from her shower, having only cleaned herself below the waist. She was trying to keep her hair dry, as she doubted Ducky had a hairdryer on hand. She got dressed in her spare clothes and immensely regretted that she had packed such dissimilar pants. Ellie’s new jeans were almost white, contrasting heavily with the cobalt pair she had peed in. The most unobservant man in the world would be able to tell she had changed her pants, the three experienced detectives upstairs would realize it instantly.

Ellie walked back into to autopsy and saw Ducky at his computer.

“Can I hang my wet clothes up to dry in the shower? I’ll take them home at the end of the day.”

“Of course, Eleanor. But please, sit down here when you’re done,” Ducky gestured to a chair he had moved in front of the desk.

Ellie simply nodded. She should have known it wouldn’t be so easy. She hung up her clothes and came back to sit obligingly in the indicated chair.

“So, Eleanor. Please tell me why you urinated on my floor when there is a perfectly good bathroom thirty feet that way,” Ducky pointed to the bathroom as he spoke.

“It was just an accident, Ducky. I don’t know how it happened.”

“And that doesn’t worry you? If you don’t know how it happened, how do you know it won’t happen again?” Ducky asked gently.

Ellie thought about her bedwetting and her near miss on the carrier, but she just couldn’t bring herself to tell him.

“It won’t. I’ll be extra careful, I swear. It won’t happen again.”

Ducky just looked at her sternly. After a pause, he said “Very well. If you’re certain that this was an isolated incident, I won’t trouble you further about it. But I must remind you that we do have surveillance cameras down here.” Ellie’s heart stopped for a moment.

“Now there’s usually no reason for anyone to watch that footage, but if something should happen that makes it necessary your accident will be seen. I cannot and will not alter that footage to spare you some embarrassment. But I can swear that absolutely no one will hear of today’s events from me.” Ellie was grateful for that much at least.

“Thank you. Now, I still have a lot of reading to get through,” Ellie stood up, grabbing her laptop and heading for the elevator.

“Well, don’t let me keep you. But Eleanor?”

“Yes Ducky?”

“Do promise me that if you have any other accidents, you’ll call this number.” Ducky wrote a number on a scrap of paper and handed it to her. “It’s the name of a highly regarded urologist colleague of mine. I would hate for you to suffer needlessly.”

“I promise,” Ellie said. With that, she stepped into the elevator and out of sight. When the door opened on the squad room floor, Gibbs was waiting to get on.

“BOLO came back on Elise Holland in New Jersey,” he said, stepping into the elevator.

“Really? I honestly didn’t expect her to get caught.”

Gibbs laughed. “She blew a tire. And a highway patrol officer was right behind her. He pulled over to assist, recognized her from the BOLO. They’re detaining her now.”

“Well, I guess we were due some good luck,” Ellie said. She and Gibbs made the drive there and back with no trouble, made the arrest, and returned all the stolen money. That night, Ellie slept like a rock.

*003*2024-10-07 00:53

Courtroom Accident: Wetting Version

This chapter takes place between episode 17 and 18 of season 11. It was originally conceived as a messing chapter, but when I decided that it would be a part of the plot moving forward I made both a wetting and messing version. I will only ever refer to the events of this chapter as “the courtroom incident/accident” so you can choose whichever one you prefer, like Mass Effect canon. Here is a diagram of the courtroom, followed by a picture of how I imagined Ellie’s outfit.

New character:

Abby Sciuto: Pauley Perrette

Ellie Bishop was ready for her first day in court. It wasn’t her case; the first case she worked on wouldn’t be in court for another two months. But Gibbs had asked her to help with the prosecution of James Marston, a man who had been smuggling hard drugs onto multiple military bases. Gibbs wanted Ellie to get comfortable in court proceedings so she would be prepared to testify when her cases did come up. So she dressed smartly: a no-nonsense grey pantsuit and pink blouse, with sleek black heels and no socks. She wore grey bikini panties the same shade as her pants and a bra the same shade as her blouse.

Ellie drove to the courthouse and checked in with the clerk, who directed her to the courtroom. When she entered, she saw the rest of her team already there.

“Good morning everyone.”

“Morning, Bishop,” Tim said.

“You nervous about your first court case, Elle Woods?” Tony asked.

Ellie was surprised. “Really? A Legally Blonde reference?”

Tony shrugged. “I like Reese Witherspoon. Sue me. But you dodged my question, Probie. How you feeling about your first court case?”

“Not my case,” Ellie replied. “But I think I’m ready anyway.”

“It’s your case now, Bishop,” Gibbs admonished. “You’re part of this team.”

“Got it, boss,” Ellie said.

“All rise. The Honorable Judge Mason Fordham presiding,” the bailiff announced.

Mason Fordham was a stern looking tall black man in his early sixties, with close cropped hair and a trimmed beard; both were speckled with grey. He sat down at the bench and directed the court to do the same. Ellie’s bladder twinged as she sat down; it wasn’t urgent, but she registered the feeling.

While Ellie hadn’t had a full on daytime wetting since her accident in front of Jimmy and Ducky, she had had a few more close calls with damp panties. She had thankfully managed to keep these to herself, sneaking those occasional yellow stained panties into the laundry before Jake could see them. She had even managed to hide a second bedwetting, though only because Jake had been out of town that night.

While Gibbs had directed Ellie to come to the trial, she was actually excited for it. Any small thing she could learn during the proceedings could help her when it was her turn. But what she did see didn’t seem to be of much help. The prosecutor, Jared Murphy, appeared to be well out of his element. Even to Ellie’s inexperienced eyes Murphy looked to be on shaky ground. He was nervous and mumbling, and his opening statement was nearly forty minutes long. Ellie looked at the three agents beside her and saw apprehension and confusion on all of their faces. Conversely, the defense attorney (a black woman in her mid thirties by the name of Ava Carson) gave an opening statement that was succinct and well-delivered. The judge already looked irritated, and he called for a recess and a sidebar with the prosecutor.

“I know I’m new at this, but it doesn’t seem to be going well,” Ellie said to Tony.

Tony shook his head. “It’s not. I’ve seen an underpaid public defender make a better opening statement while defending a man with video evidence against him.

“Murphy is better than this,” Gibbs said quietly. “I’ve seen him prosecute Russian hit men without breaking a sweat. There’s something more going on.”

Ellie was reminded of her filling bladder, so she stood and walked straight for the bathroom; she was taking no risks today. As Ellie sat down on a toilet, she peed for only about twenty seconds. She got back in her seat just in time for the judge to call the court back in session.

The trial continued to go poorly for the prosecution. Murphy was fumbling with easy questions, and he seemed to only be getting more nervous and sweaty. He asked for another recess barely an hour after court reconvened. Jude Fordham was about to deny the request, but Carson said it should be allowed. Ellie could almost feel the anger coming from her coworkers, especially Gibbs. She excused herself and stepped outside. She dialed Jake; she wanted to see what he thought of this.

The phone rang twice, then Jake picked up.

“Hey baby! How’s court going?”

“Really weird. Do you have a minute? I want to get your take on this.”

“Uh, give me a minute to get somewhere I can talk.” After a few seconds of silence, Jake said “alright, hit me Ellie.”

Ellie told him everything she knew about the case and what had happened so far. “… if it wasn’t for our solid electronic evidence, I’d be pretty worried that Marston was going to walk.”

“Which evidence is that again?” Jake asked.

“McGee managed to trace his burner. We have call logs connecting him to seven different men and women busted with the drugs he supplied. Those same people gave testimony confirming that Marston was their supplier. It’s all on video, and Tony hand delivered the evidence to Murphy yesterday.”

“Yeah, with something like that this case is pretty solid. As long as that evidence gets presented I don’t see how you can lose. But it’s almost like Murphy is trying to lose.”

Ellie considered that for a moment; it almost made sense. But why would Murphy want to throw the case?

Jake abruptly said “Oh, something just came up. Gotta go, love you!” And he hung up.

Ellie pocketed her phone and went back to the bench. “Jake just said something interesting,” she told Gibbs.

He looked at her with a cocked eyebrow.

“He said he feels almost like Murphy is trying to throw the case.”

“Why would he throw the case, Bishop?” Tim asked. “He’s a respected prosecutor, this is bound to reflect badly on him.”

Gibbs looked reflective. “We’re missing something.” He strode out of the courtroom. The judge called the court to order seconds after Gibbs closed the door.

“The prosecution will now present its evidence,” Fordham said.

Murphy took the stand and set out the exhibits. After a moment of setting up, he began to explain the evidence to the jury. He started with the less consequential evidence; Ellie guessed he was saving the interrogation footage and phone logs for last.

“And now, ladies and gentlemen of the jury, I will show you the phone logs and interrogation videos that provide incontrovertible proof that James Marston smuggled nearly two hundred pounds of illegal drugs onto various marine bases,” Murphy said as he dramatically clicked on his computer and pointed at the screen.

File corrupted

“Uhh.” Click.

File corrupted

“Is there a problem, Counselor?” Judge Fordham asked.

“It looks like the files are corrupted.”

Fordham glared at Murphy for a moment, then looked to the agents. “Special Agent Gibbs?”

Tony stood up and said “Special Agent Dinozzo, Gibbs stepped out. We keep copies of those records at NCIS, I can send Special Agent Bishop to bring them here.”

“Very well,” Fordham said. “The court will recess. Again.”

Ellie looked at Tony “Couldn’t I get Abby to send me those files? Do I need to actually go all the way there?”

Tim spoke up instead of Tony. “Evidence files can’t be emailed out of NCIS headquarters. You’ll need to copy it directly from our server.”

“What he said. So run, Forrest, run,” Tony said.

Ellie strode out without another word. She pulled out her cell and dialed Abby.

“Hey Bishop!” Abby said. “How’s court?”

“Not going well, this prosecutor might as well be trying to lose. The seven interrogation videos and the phone logs are all corrupted, I need to get copies down to the courthouse ASAP.”

“Don’t worry for one second. I’ll meet you in the evidence garage and have them ready.”

“You read my mind, Abs.”

“It’s what I do,” Abby said. Ellie hung up and got in her car. She got to the navy yard about as fast as she could hope for in D.C. traffic and raced to the evidence garage. Abby was waiting there at the computer, Caf-POW in hand. Her hair was in symmetrical pigtails, and she was dressed in red NCIS coveralls.

“I got everything ready for you, Bishop! All you need to do is connect your laptop and download the files.”

“You’re a lifesaver.” Ellie plugged her laptop into the hardline and set the files to transfer. She felt the pressure in her bladder mounting. The computer estimated three minutes to transfer the files; possibly enough time to quickly pee. Ellie looked in the direction of the only bathroom on that floor and laughed at her own bad luck. It had an out of order sign plastered on it. There definitely wasn’t enough time to go upstairs, pee, and come back.

“It’d be a real shame if we didn’t get to show those videos to the jury. Seven confessions in a row is like a hall of fame Gibbs moment, we can’t let it go to waste.”

“I won’t let it, Abby. Count on it,” Ellie said.

After another ninety seconds, the files were transferred. Ellie properly disconnected, then rushed out of the room. She called back over her shoulder “You’ll have to take an IOU on a Caf-POW!”

“This one’s on the house, Ellie,” Abby replied.

Ellie hopped back in her car and drove off. Her need to pee was around a 7/10. She made it back to the courtroom just under an hour after she had left. Tony was waiting outside.

“Got everything?”

“Yeah Tony, files transferred,” Ellie said.

“Alright then.” Tony opened the door and gestured inside. “Good luck Bishop. McGee is testifying, and you’re manning the computer.”

“Right now?” Ellie was hoping for a bathroom break.

“Judge Fordham is out of patience. We need to get on the stand.”

Ellie conceded the point. “Okay. Okay I’m ready.”

Tony gave her a slap on the back. “Go get ‘em, Probie!”

Ellie entered the courtroom, Tony following. Tim was already sitting at the witness stand on the judge’s left side. The jurors were arranged with number one closest to the public and number twelve on the opposite corner. (There’s more space than in the pictured diagram, allowing for a display monitor against the wall between the witness stand and the jury box.) Tony took a seat in the public benches while Ellie approached the judge. She said “We have the files right here, Your Honor.”

“Very well. Proceed, Special Agent Bishop.”

Ellie connected her computer to the display and pulled up the phone logs. She then took her spot across from Tim, with the display screen between them. The prosecutor asked Tim to explain the evidence, which started a very lengthy and dry legal process. Ellie’s bladder seemed to be filling exponentially; maybe the added pressure of having to present evidence was playing tricks on her. She was trying to be subtle, but she couldn’t stop bouncing her heels.

Tim explained in detail the phone calls that they had traced from James Marston to his dealers, and Ellie stood next to the screen to indicate each line as Tim said it. She felt a wave of desperation, and squeezed her legs so tightly together that she thought she could turn coal into a diamond. It didn’t manage to prevent a quick spurt leaking out into her grey panties. Ellie bit her lip, but managed not to show any other signs of her dire situation. While Tim was talking and had the jury’s attention, Ellie looked at Judge Fordham and mouthed “bathroom, please?”

He shook his head. Ellie grimaced, but returned her attention to the screen. She had almost missed the last line, distracted by her minor leak. Tim continued on, finally reaching the last phone call. The prosecutor directed Ellie to switch files from the phone logs to the interrogation videos. These files could be controlled with a remote, which Ellie was very glad for. If she had to keep bending down to click on the laptop, she wasn’t certain she’d be able to hold in her pee. Even just when bending down to pick up the remote Ellie leaked again. When she pressed play, she tried to get the judge’s attention but saw that he was focused on the video. She waved one of the court police over to her. She wrote down another request for the bathroom and asked him to pass it to the judge.

Judge Fordham looked at the note, then shook his head at Ellie. He pointed firmly at where she was standing, and the message was clear. She was to stay where she was. Ellie couldn’t believe it. She was about to burst, but she couldn’t leave.

But Ellie shouldn’t be about to burst. Her need hadn’t been this bad, even just a few minutes ago. She should be fine, she should be able to wait at least another hour. It wasn’t a sudden urge, it wasn’t spurred on by caffeine or excessive water. It was like what used to be a 7/10 for her bladder capacity was now a 10/10. She lost another spurt, felt a few drops of pee dribble down her leg. Ellie tightly gripped the bannister on the jury box with her left hand as she tried to casually feel the outside of her pants for wetness with her other.

The first interrogation video came to a close, Ellie clicked on the next one at Murphy’s direction. As the video began to play Ellie felt another stream of pee starting to leak out. Ellie gripped the bannister so tightly her knuckles turned white as she tried to regain control, but this time it wasn’t enough. Her pee stream wasn’t stopping; it wasn’t even slowing down. Ellie was having an accident right in front of a full courtroom.

Ellie stood stock still in utter disbelief. She was fully wetting her pants, feeling hot urine streaming down her legs. Her tightly crossed legs were spreading the stain on the front of her pants, so she uncrossed them and tried to stand up straight. She put on her best poker face, but it was made pointless as pee began to pour out of her pantsuit cuffs, splattering loudly on the hardwood floor.

The jurors were already looking in Ellie’s general direction (as she was standing next to the screen) but she felt the twelve sets of eyes flit directly to her as the jury heard pee dripping out of her pants onto the floor. She heard a flurry of murmurs starting in both the jury box and the crowd in the courtroom. Ellie almost died of embarrassment.

Ellie was still peeing, hearing the hiss of pee and the loud patter of droplets hitting the puddle that was expanding at her feet. Her shoes were overflowing, urine that was pooling around her toes was then streaming over the sides of her polished black shoes. Her stream tapered off, leaving nothing but the sound of residual urine slowly dripping into the puddle.

The jurors stared at Ellie in shock. The interrogation video came to a close, and the entire room was silent save for her still dripping pants. She closed her eyes, hoping to wake up from what was surely a nightmare. But when Ellie opened her eyes, her pants were still wet and the eyes of every person in the courtroom were still on her.

Ellie looked to her right and saw Judge Fordham and Tim both staring at her as well. Fordham cleared his throat and said “The court will now recess.”

“Special Agent Bishop, approach the bench,” Judge Fordham said. Ellie did as she was instructed, feeling the pooled urine in her shoes squelch between her toes. The jurors gasped as Ellie turned away from them; the stain on her ass must be much worse than the one on the front of her pants. The jury quickly shuffled out through their door, hoping to spare what dignity was left to the young agent.

The stern look Judge Fordham had been wearing for most of the morning was now replaced with one of concern. “Are you ill, Agent Bishop?”

Ellie was about to say no, then stopped to really consider it. Her control of her bodily functions had been steadily declining over the course of two weeks, and she wasn’t sure why. She knew that the stakeout accident was unavoidable, and her accident when they fought Fay Gussman was understandable. But since that shootout with Gussman, Ellie had experienced two bedwettings, a full daytime wetting, several near accidents, and now an extremely public wetting accident. Ducky was right; she needed to see a doctor.

“I think I must be,” Ellie said quietly. The judge nodded compassionately. Tony approached the bench from the public area.

“McGee and I can handle everything from here, Bishop,” Tony said. Tim nodded and put a hand on Ellie’s shoulder. “Go home. We’ll cover for you.”

“Thanks, Tony,” Ellie said. She handed Tim the remote and said “Can you bring my laptop back to me at work tomorrow?” Tim nodded in response.

Ellie walked out of the courtroom, and straight into Gibbs. “Bishop,” He said. “Where are you going?”

He was holding a man Ellie didn’t recognize by the bicep. The man was in handcuffs.

“Where am I going? Where are you going? And who the hell is that?” Ellie asked. It was a rather bizarre situation all things considered. Gibbs disappears for barely two hours, and he comes back with a stranger in handcuffs to find Ellie walking out of court in a urine soaked pantsuit.

“This is Jared Murphy’s para-“ Gibbs started to say before abruptly stopping. He saw the dark stain on Ellie’s pants and exclaimed “Oh, Bishop!”

Ellie didn’t have any response. What were you supposed to say after peeing yourself in front of dozens of people? Gibbs looked at her for a moment longer; he looked to be weighing something in his head.

“Go home, Bishop. We’ll talk in the morning.”

“But wait? Who is that?” Ellie pointed at the man in handcuffs.

“I’ll tell you tomorrow. Go home.” With that, Gibbs walked into the courtroom, handcuffed man in tow.

Ellie’s curiosity would have to be satisfied later. She walked to the nearest bathroom and entered. As there was no one around, she took the opportunity to examine herself in the mirror. Ellie looked into her own eyes and seemed perfectly normal. But when she backed away, the pee stain came into view. There was no way anyone could look at her and not recognize that she had utterly pissed her pants.

Ellie shook her head, then went into the large stall at the end and stood over the toilet. She grabbed the handrail next to the toilet for balance and lifted her foot. She removed the shoe, poured the remaining pee down the toilet, and put the shoe back on before repeating the process with her other foot. She then lowered her pants and sat down on the toilet to empty the last dregs of pee from her bladder. Not that there was much left.

Ellie dried herself off, and patted her pants down the best she could with toilet paper. She stared forlornly at the obviously wet grey panties around her ankles and sighed before emerging from the stall. She took one last look at herself in the mirror and resigned herself to walking to her car in still obviously peed pants.

Ellie briskly walked to her car, then hesitated before sitting in her driver seat. She didn’t have anything in the car she could use to protect it. She ultimately wrote off the whole pantsuit as a loss, and put the coat down on the seat as a barrier between it and her soaked butt. When she sat down, she retrieved the slip of paper Ducky had given her from her purse. It was time to call the doctor.

Edited 11 hours ago by JamesK

The site merged both versions of the chapter. I want them to be separate posts. (see edit history)

*004*2024-10-07 02:49

Courtroom Accident: Messing Version

This chapter takes place between episode 17 and 18 of season 11. It is a messing chapter, the wetting only version is the post directly above. The visual aids from the wetting version are also valid for this version.

New character:

Abby Sciuto: Pauley Perrette

Ellie Bishop was ready for her first day in court. It wasn’t her case; the first case she worked on wouldn’t be in court for another two months. But Gibbs had asked her to help with the prosecution of James Marston, a man who had been smuggling hard drugs onto multiple military bases. Gibbs wanted Ellie to get comfortable in court proceedings so she would be prepared to testify when her cases did come up. So she dressed smartly: a no-nonsense grey pantsuit and pink blouse, with sleek black heels and no socks. She wore grey bikini panties the same shade as her pants and a bra the same shade as her blouse.

Ellie drove to the courthouse and checked in with the clerk, who directed her to the courtroom. When Ellie entered, she saw the rest of her team already there.

“Good morning everyone.”

“Morning, Bishop,” Tim said.

“You nervous about your first court case, Elle Woods?” Tony asked.

Ellie was surprised. “Really? A Legally Blonde reference?”

Tony shrugged. “I like Reese Witherspoon. Sue me. But you dodged my question, Probie. How you feeling about your first court case?”

“Not my case,” Ellie replied. “But I think I’m ready anyway.”

“It’s your case now, Bishop,” Gibbs admonished. “You’re part of this team.”

“Got it, boss,” Ellie said.

“All rise. The Honorable Judge Mason Fordham presiding,” the bailiff announced.

Mason Fordham was a stern looking tall black man in his early sixties, with close cropped hair and a trimmed beard; both were speckled with grey. He sat down at the bench and directed the court to do the same. Ellie’s gut rumbled as she sat. She was still adjusting to cutting out coffee, and it had disrupted her bowel regulation. She used to consistently poop once a day after work, but this past week she had been all over the place and she hadn’t gone last night . She didn’t feel it was very urgent, as her ability to hold her bowels hadn’t diminished as much her bladder seemed to have.

While Ellie hadn’t had a full on daytime wetting since her accident in front of Jimmy and Ducky two weeks ago, she had had a few more close calls with damp panties. She had thankfully managed to keep these to herself, sneaking those occasional stained panties into the laundry before Jake could see them. She had even managed to hide a second bedwetting, though only because Jake had been out of town that night. But she had experienced not nearly as much trouble with her bowels, aside from perhaps an increased urgency when the need arose.

At this time, Ellie knew she could hold it a while longer, probably until after lunch. And she wanted to see as much of the court process as she could; any small detail could help her when her time came.

What she did see didn’t seem to be of much help. The prosecutor, Jared Murphy, seemed well out of his element. Even to Ellie’s inexperienced eyes Murphy looked to be on shaky ground. He was nervous and mumbling, and his opening statement was nearly forty minutes long. Ellie looked at the three agents beside her and saw apprehension and confusion on all of their faces. Conversely, the defense attorney (a black woman in her mid thirties by the name of Ava Carson) gave an opening statement that was succinct and well-delivered. The judge already looked irritated, and he called for a recess and a sidebar with the prosecutor.

“I know I’m new at this, but it doesn’t seem to be going well,” Ellie said to Tony.

Tony shook his head. “It’s not. I’ve seen an underpaid public defender make a better opening statement while defending a man with video evidence against him.

“Murphy is better than this,” Gibbs said quietly. “I’ve seen him prosecute Russian hit men without breaking a sweat. There’s something more going on.”

Ellie felt a twinge from her bladder as well as increased pressure in her bowels. She stood and walked straight for the bathroom; she was taking no risks today. As Ellie sat down on a toilet, she peed for roughly twenty seconds. She then tried to push out her poop, but it didn’t budge. Since she felt she could hold it a good while longer, she decided to try again later, because she was clearly getting nowhere right now. She got back in her seat just in time for the judge to call the court back in session.

The trial continued to go poorly for the prosecution. Murphy was fumbling with easy questions, and he seemed to only be getting more nervous and sweaty. He asked for another recess barely an hour after court reconvened. Jude Fordham was about to deny the request, but Carson said it should be allowed. Ellie could almost feel the anger coming from her coworkers, especially Gibbs. She excused herself and stepped outside. She dialed Jake; she wanted to see what he thought of this.

The phone rang twice, then Jake picked up.

“Hey baby! How’s court going?”

“Really weird. Do you have a minute? I want to get your take on this.”

“Uh, give me a minute to get somewhere I can talk.” After a few seconds of silence, Jake said “alright, hit me Ellie.”

Ellie told him everything she knew about the case and what had happened so far. “… if it wasn’t for our solid electronic evidence, I’d be pretty worried that Marston was going to walk.”

“Which evidence is that again?” Jake asked.

“McGee managed to trace his burner. We have call logs connecting him to seven different men and women busted with the drugs he supplied. Those same people gave testimony confirming that Marston was their supplier. It’s all on video, and Tony hand delivered the evidence to Murphy yesterday.”

“Yeah, with something like that this case is pretty solid. As long as that evidence gets presented I don’t see how you can lose. But it’s almost like Murphy is trying to lose.”

Ellie considered that for a moment; it almost made sense. But why would Murphy want to throw the case?

Jake abruptly said “Oh, something just came up. Gotta go, love you!” And he hung up.

Ellie pocketed her phone and went back to the bench. “Jake just said something interesting,” she told Gibbs.

He looked at her with a cocked eyebrow.

“He said he feels almost like Murphy is trying to throw the case.”

“Why would he throw the case, Bishop?” Tim asked. “He’s a respected prosecutor, this is bound to reflect badly on him.”

Gibbs looked reflective. “We’re missing something.” He strode out of the courtroom.

Ellie’s need to poop was slowly growing, around a 6/10. She would try again to empty her bowels when they broke for lunch, as she didn’t think there would be time right now before the court reconvened. Ellie was immediately proven correct, as the judge called the court to order seconds after Gibbs closed the door.

“The prosecution will now present its evidence,” Fordham said.

Murphy took the stand and set out the exhibits. After a moment of setting up, he began to explain the evidence to the jury. He started with the less consequential evidence; Ellie guessed he was saving the interrogation footage and phone logs for last.

“And now, ladies and gentlemen of the jury, I will show you the phone logs and interrogation videos that provide incontrovertible proof that James Marston smuggled nearly two hundred pounds of illegal drugs onto various marine bases,” Murphy said as he dramatically clicked on his computer and pointed at the screen.

File corrupted

“Uhh.” Click.

File corrupted

“Is there a problem, Counselor?” Judge Fordham asked.

“It looks like the files are corrupted.”

Fordham glared at Murphy for a moment, then looked to the agents. “Special Agent Gibbs?”

Tony stood up and said “Special Agent Dinozzo, Gibbs stepped out. We keep copies of those records at NCIS, I can send Special Agent Bishop to bring them here.”

“Very well,” Fordham said. “The court will recess. Again.”

Ellie looked at Tony “Couldn’t I get Abby to send me those files? Do I need to actually go all the way there?”

Tim spoke up instead of Tony. “Evidence files can’t be emailed out of NCIS headquarters. You’ll need to copy it directly from our server.”

“What he said. So run, Forrest, run,” Tony said.

Ellie strode out without another word. She pulled out her cell and dialed Abby.

“Hey Bishop!” Abby said. “How’s court?”

“Not going well, this prosecutor might as well be trying to lose. The seven interrogation videos and the phone logs are all corrupted, I need to get copies down to the courthouse ASAP.”

“Don’t worry for one second. I’ll meet you in the evidence garage and have them ready.”

“You read my mind, Abs.”

“It’s what I do,” Abby said. Ellie hung up and got in her car. She got to the navy yard about as fast as she could hope for in D.C. traffic and raced to the evidence garage. Abby was waiting there at the computer, Caf-POW in hand. Her hair was in symmetrical pigtails, and she was dressed in red NCIS coveralls.

“I got everything ready for you, Bishop! All you need to do is connect your laptop and download the files.”

“You’re a lifesaver.” Ellie plugged her laptop into the hardline and set the files to transfer. She felt the pressure in her bowels mounting. The computer estimated three minutes to transfer the files; not enough time to use the toilet. If Ellie was alone, she would have let out a fart to relieve some pressure. But she didn’t want to crop dust Abby.

“It’d be a real shame if we didn’t get to show those videos to the jury. Seven confessions in a row is like a hall of fame Gibbs moment, we can’t let it go to waste.”

“I won’t let it, Abby. Count on it,” Ellie said.

After another ninety seconds, the files were transferred. Ellie properly disconnected, then rushed out of the room. She called back over her shoulder “You’ll have to take an IOU on a Caf-POW!”

“This one’s on the house, Ellie,” Abby replied.

Ellie hopped back in her car and drove off. Her need to poop was around a 7/10. She farted and felt a little bit better. She made it back to the courtroom just under an hour after she had left. Tony was waiting outside.

“Got everything?”

“Yeah Tony, files transferred,” Ellie said.

“Alright then.” Tony opened the door and gestured inside. “Good luck Bishop. McGee is testifying, and you’re manning the computer.”

“Right now?” Ellie was hoping for a bathroom break.

“Judge Fordham is out of patience. We need to get on the stand.”

Ellie conceded the point. “Okay. Okay I’m ready.”

Tony gave her a slap on the back. “Go get ‘em, Probie!”

Ellie entered the courtroom, Tony following. Tim was already sitting at the witness stand on the judge’s left side. The jurors were arranged with number one closest to the public and number twelve on the opposite corner. (There’s more space than in the pictured diagram, allowing for a display monitor against the wall between the witness stand and the jury box.) Tony took a seat in the public benches while Ellie approached the judge. She said “We have the files right here, Your Honor.”

“Very well. Proceed, Special Agent Bishop.”

Ellie connected her computer to the display and pulled up the phone logs. She then took her spot across from Tim, with the display screen between them. The prosecutor asked Tim to explain the evidence, which started a very lengthy and dry legal process. Ellie farted, this time involuntarily. She stood up straighter and tightly gripped the banister of the jury box. She didn’t think anyone heard it, but she could smell it. She was standing right next to the jury; she bit her bottom lip and hoped against hope that they couldn’t smell her fart.

Tim explained in detail the phone calls that they had traced from James Marston to his dealers, and Ellie stood next to the screen to indicate each line as Tim said it. She farted again, and this time felt a turtlehead. She clenched her asscheeks as hard as she could, squeezing her legs so tightly together that she thought she could turn coal into a diamond. Ellie felt the tip of the log retreat back up and she took a breath. While Tim was talking and had the jury’s attention, Ellie looked at Judge Fordham and mouthed “bathroom, please?”

He shook his head. Ellie grimaced, but returned her attention to the screen. She had almost missed the last line, distracted by her near miss. Tim continued on, finally reaching the last phone call. The prosecutor directed Ellie to switch files from the phone logs to the interrogation videos. These files could be controlled with a remote, which Ellie was very glad for. If she had to keep bending down to click on the laptop, she wasn’t certain she’d be able to hold in her poop. Even just when bending down to pick up the remote Ellie farted silently. When she pressed play, she tried to get the judge’s attention but saw that he was focused on the video. She waved one of the court police over to her. She wrote down another request for the bathroom and asked him to pass it to the judge.

Judge Fordham looked at the note, then shook his head at Ellie. He pointed firmly at where she was standing, and the message was clear. She was to stay where she was. Ellie couldn’t believe it. She was almost touching cotton here, but she couldn’t leave.

But Ellie shouldn’t be touching cotton. Her need hadn’t been this bad, even just a half an hour ago. She should be fine, she should be able to wait at least another hour. It wasn’t a sudden urge, it wasn’t spurred on by spicy food or coffee. It was a solid load that by all rights she should be able to hold, but it was once again peeking out. She clenched with all her strength, and felt the turd retreat again.

The first interrogation video came to a close, Ellie clicked on the next one at Murphy’s direction. As the video began to play Ellie felt the tip of her poop begin to move once more, slowly inching its way out. Ellie gripped the bannister so tightly her knuckles turned white as she clenched again, but this time it wasn’t enough. The turtlehead was not retreating; it was in fact still extending. Ellie was having an accident right in front of a full courtroom.

The turd made contact with Ellie’s panties, tenting them out as it worked its way down. Ellie froze as she felt her poop fully emerge into her grey panties, creating a bulge slightly larger than a plum. Her pants were not tight enough to hold their form; the seat of her pantsuit was expanding out to accommodate the load as she involuntarily pushed it out.

Ellie stood stock still in utter disbelief. She was fully pooping her pants in a crowded courtroom, and there was nothing she could do to stop it. The only thing she could think of was stand with her back almost squarely against the wall, and not turn her back on the jury again. But there was no hiding the smell, which had already reached her nose.

Ellie tried to keep a straight face as she felt another log trying to slide out. This one made it only halfway out before Ellie managed to pinch it off, expanding the bulge in her pants to about the size of an orange. Juror Number Six, who was seated closest to Ellie, made a face. He wrinkled his nose and started to look around. Juror Number Twelve, seated directly behind Six, asked Six what was wrong.

“You don’t smell that?” Six whispered. Twelve sniffed the air and shrugged. Five also sniffed the air, then wrinkled her nose as well.

“You’re right, something smells,” Five said, bringing her hand up to slightly cover her nose.

“It smells like a dirty diaper,” Six said. Ellie almost died of embarrassment.

Fordham banged his gavel. “Quiet in the jury box!”

The jurors jumped, then fell silent. Juror Eleven seemed to catch the scent too at that point, shaking her head and glancing around for the source. That source was growing more pungent, as the piece of poop Ellie had prematurely snipped was now trying to force its way forward. She tried her best to fight it, but it was no use. The broken log pushed its way past Ellie’s clenched butt cheeks to join its other half sitting in her pants, and another turd started its descent. Ellie managed to halt its progress for all of a second before she once again pushed involuntarily. Her knees were now slightly bent, and she couldn’t help but grunt as the poop made its way out. As the final turd settled into her pants, Ellie felt like she had a warm, slimy mango in the seat of her panties.

The jurors closest to Ellie stared at her in shock. Ellie surmised that they had realized that she was the source of the smell. The interrogation video came to a close, and the entire room was silent. Ellie closed her eyes, hoping to wake up from what was surely a bad dream. But when she opened her eyes, she saw entire jury box looking at her now as the smell of her accident permeated the room.

Ellie looked to her right and saw Judge Fordham and Tim both staring at her as well. From where they were seated, her bulge was obvious. Fordham cleared his throat and said “The court will now recess.”

“Special Agent Bishop, approach the bench,” Judge Fordham said. Ellie did as she was instructed, feeling the hefty weight residing in her sagging panties as she walked bow-legged to the judge. Any jurors who were still in doubt as to the source of the smell felt those doubts disappear as Ellie turned away from them, displaying the mango sized bulge in her pants for all to see. The jury quickly shuffled out through their door, hoping to spare what dignity was left to the young agent.

The stern look Judge Fordham had been wearing for most of the morning was now replaced with one of concern. “Are you ill, Agent Bishop?”

Ellie was about to say no, then stopped to really consider it. Her control of her bodily functions had been steadily declining over the course of a few weeks, and she wasn’t sure why. She knew that the stakeout accident was unavoidable, and her accident when they fought Fay Gussman was understandable. But since that shootout with Gussman, Ellie had experienced two bedwettings, a full daytime wetting, several near accidents, and now a messing. Ducky was right; she needed to see a doctor.

“I think I must be,” Ellie said quietly. The judge nodded in understanding. Tony approached the bench from the public area.

“McGee and I can handle everything from here, Bishop,” Tony said. Tim nodded and put a hand on Ellie’s shoulder. “Go home. We’ll cover for you.”

“Thanks, Tony,” Ellie said. She handed Tim the remote and said “Can you bring my laptop back to me at work tomorrow?” Tim agreed.

Ellie walked out of the courtroom, and straight into Gibbs. “Bishop,” He said. “Where are you going?”

He was holding a man Ellie didn’t recognize by the bicep. The man was in handcuffs.

“Where am I going? Where are you going? And who the hell is that?” Ellie asked. It was a rather bizarre situation all things considered. Gibbs disappears for barely two hours, and he comes back with a stranger in handcuffs to find Ellie walking out of court with crap in her pants.

“This is Jared Murphy’s para-“ Gibbs started to say before abruptly stopping. He wrinkled his nose and looked around, having apparently caught the scent of Ellie’s poop. When he made eye contact with her, a look of comprehension crossed his face. “Oh, Bishop!”

Ellie sheepishly readjusted her pants; the weight in her panties had caused them to start slowly sliding down her waist. She pulled her waistband sharply upward and squeaked as she felt the mess squish against her ass. Gibbs looked at her for a moment longer; he looked to be weighing something in his head.

“Go home, Bishop. We’ll talk in the morning.”

“But wait? Who is that?” Ellie pointed at the man in handcuffs.

“I’ll tell you tomorrow. Go home.” With that, Gibbs walked into the courtroom, handcuffed man in tow.

Ellie’s curiosity would have to be satisfied later. She walked to the nearest bathroom and entered. As there was no one around, she took the opportunity to examine herself in the mirror. Ellie looked into her own eyes and seemed perfectly normal. Then she took a step back and turned her butt towards the mirror. She bit her lip as she saw the mango sized bulge in her grey pantsuit. She had so blatantly pooped in her pants.

Ellie shook her head, then went into the large stall at the end and stood over the toilet. She carefully lowered her pants to her knees and checked for stains. She saw none; her panties must have contained the entirety of her mess. She slowly lowered her underwear, feeling the mess peel away from her ass. She dumped the poop into the toilet and immediately flushed; she didn’t want to risk clogging it with the amount of toilet paper she was about to use.

Ellie cleaned up the best she could, but there wasn’t much she could do without wet wipes or a shower. She considered what to do now. She didn’t want to put the stained panties back on, but her pants still looked completely clean. If Ellie went commando, she would ruin her pants too. She resigned herself, and pulled her formerly grey underwear back up. The pants followed, and she emerged from the stall roughly twenty minutes after entering. She very thoroughly washed her hands, then retrieved a perfume bottle from her purse. She sprayed several times, trying to cover as much of the smell as possible.

Ellie briskly walked to her car, avoiding eye contact with anyone in her way and trying to outrun the lingering smell of poop. When she sat down, she retrieved the slip of paper Ducky had given her from her purse. It was time to call the doctor.

*004*2024-10-07 02:49

Courtroom Accident: Messing Version

This chapter takes place between episode 17 and 18 of season 11. It is a messing chapter, the wetting only version is the post directly above. The visual aids from the wetting version are also valid for this version.

New character:

Abby Sciuto: Pauley Perrette

Ellie Bishop was ready for her first day in court. It wasn’t her case; the first case she worked on wouldn’t be in court for another two months. But Gibbs had asked her to help with the prosecution of James Marston, a man who had been smuggling hard drugs onto multiple military bases. Gibbs wanted Ellie to get comfortable in court proceedings so she would be prepared to testify when her cases did come up. So she dressed smartly: a no-nonsense grey pantsuit and pink blouse, with sleek black heels and no socks. She wore grey bikini panties the same shade as her pants and a bra the same shade as her blouse.

Ellie drove to the courthouse and checked in with the clerk, who directed her to the courtroom. When Ellie entered, she saw the rest of her team already there.

“Good morning everyone.”

“Morning, Bishop,” Tim said.

“You nervous about your first court case, Elle Woods?” Tony asked.

Ellie was surprised. “Really? A Legally Blonde reference?”

Tony shrugged. “I like Reese Witherspoon. Sue me. But you dodged my question, Probie. How you feeling about your first court case?”

“Not my case,” Ellie replied. “But I think I’m ready anyway.”

“It’s your case now, Bishop,” Gibbs admonished. “You’re part of this team.”

“Got it, boss,” Ellie said.

“All rise. The Honorable Judge Mason Fordham presiding,” the bailiff announced.

Mason Fordham was a stern looking tall black man in his early sixties, with close cropped hair and a trimmed beard; both were speckled with grey. He sat down at the bench and directed the court to do the same. Ellie’s gut rumbled as she sat. She was still adjusting to cutting out coffee, and it had disrupted her bowel regulation. She used to consistently poop once a day after work, but this past week she had been all over the place and she hadn’t gone last night . She didn’t feel it was very urgent, as her ability to hold her bowels hadn’t diminished as much her bladder seemed to have.

While Ellie hadn’t had a full on daytime wetting since her accident in front of Jimmy and Ducky two weeks ago, she had had a few more close calls with damp panties. She had thankfully managed to keep these to herself, sneaking those occasional stained panties into the laundry before Jake could see them. She had even managed to hide a second bedwetting, though only because Jake had been out of town that night. But she had experienced not nearly as much trouble with her bowels, aside from perhaps an increased urgency when the need arose.

At this time, Ellie knew she could hold it a while longer, probably until after lunch. And she wanted to see as much of the court process as she could; any small detail could help her when her time came.

What she did see didn’t seem to be of much help. The prosecutor, Jared Murphy, seemed well out of his element. Even to Ellie’s inexperienced eyes Murphy looked to be on shaky ground. He was nervous and mumbling, and his opening statement was nearly forty minutes long. Ellie looked at the three agents beside her and saw apprehension and confusion on all of their faces. Conversely, the defense attorney (a black woman in her mid thirties by the name of Ava Carson) gave an opening statement that was succinct and well-delivered. The judge already looked irritated, and he called for a recess and a sidebar with the prosecutor.

“I know I’m new at this, but it doesn’t seem to be going well,” Ellie said to Tony.

Tony shook his head. “It’s not. I’ve seen an underpaid public defender make a better opening statement while defending a man with video evidence against him.

“Murphy is better than this,” Gibbs said quietly. “I’ve seen him prosecute Russian hit men without breaking a sweat. There’s something more going on.”

Ellie felt a twinge from her bladder as well as increased pressure in her bowels. She stood and walked straight for the bathroom; she was taking no risks today. As Ellie sat down on a toilet, she peed for roughly twenty seconds. She then tried to push out her poop, but it didn’t budge. Since she felt she could hold it a good while longer, she decided to try again later, because she was clearly getting nowhere right now. She got back in her seat just in time for the judge to call the court back in session.

The trial continued to go poorly for the prosecution. Murphy was fumbling with easy questions, and he seemed to only be getting more nervous and sweaty. He asked for another recess barely an hour after court reconvened. Jude Fordham was about to deny the request, but Carson said it should be allowed. Ellie could almost feel the anger coming from her coworkers, especially Gibbs. She excused herself and stepped outside. She dialed Jake; she wanted to see what he thought of this.

The phone rang twice, then Jake picked up.

“Hey baby! How’s court going?”

“Really weird. Do you have a minute? I want to get your take on this.”

“Uh, give me a minute to get somewhere I can talk.” After a few seconds of silence, Jake said “alright, hit me Ellie.”

Ellie told him everything she knew about the case and what had happened so far. “… if it wasn’t for our solid electronic evidence, I’d be pretty worried that Marston was going to walk.”

“Which evidence is that again?” Jake asked.

“McGee managed to trace his burner. We have call logs connecting him to seven different men and women busted with the drugs he supplied. Those same people gave testimony confirming that Marston was their supplier. It’s all on video, and Tony hand delivered the evidence to Murphy yesterday.”

“Yeah, with something like that this case is pretty solid. As long as that evidence gets presented I don’t see how you can lose. But it’s almost like Murphy is trying to lose.”

Ellie considered that for a moment; it almost made sense. But why would Murphy want to throw the case?

Jake abruptly said “Oh, something just came up. Gotta go, love you!” And he hung up.

Ellie pocketed her phone and went back to the bench. “Jake just said something interesting,” she told Gibbs.

He looked at her with a cocked eyebrow.

“He said he feels almost like Murphy is trying to throw the case.”

“Why would he throw the case, Bishop?” Tim asked. “He’s a respected prosecutor, this is bound to reflect badly on him.”

Gibbs looked reflective. “We’re missing something.” He strode out of the courtroom.

Ellie’s need to poop was slowly growing, around a 6/10. She would try again to empty her bowels when they broke for lunch, as she didn’t think there would be time right now before the court reconvened. Ellie was immediately proven correct, as the judge called the court to order seconds after Gibbs closed the door.

“The prosecution will now present its evidence,” Fordham said.

Murphy took the stand and set out the exhibits. After a moment of setting up, he began to explain the evidence to the jury. He started with the less consequential evidence; Ellie guessed he was saving the interrogation footage and phone logs for last.

“And now, ladies and gentlemen of the jury, I will show you the phone logs and interrogation videos that provide incontrovertible proof that James Marston smuggled nearly two hundred pounds of illegal drugs onto various marine bases,” Murphy said as he dramatically clicked on his computer and pointed at the screen.

File corrupted

“Uhh.” Click.

File corrupted

“Is there a problem, Counselor?” Judge Fordham asked.

“It looks like the files are corrupted.”

Fordham glared at Murphy for a moment, then looked to the agents. “Special Agent Gibbs?”

Tony stood up and said “Special Agent Dinozzo, Gibbs stepped out. We keep copies of those records at NCIS, I can send Special Agent Bishop to bring them here.”

“Very well,” Fordham said. “The court will recess. Again.”

Ellie looked at Tony “Couldn’t I get Abby to send me those files? Do I need to actually go all the way there?”

Tim spoke up instead of Tony. “Evidence files can’t be emailed out of NCIS headquarters. You’ll need to copy it directly from our server.”

“What he said. So run, Forrest, run,” Tony said.

Ellie strode out without another word. She pulled out her cell and dialed Abby.

“Hey Bishop!” Abby said. “How’s court?”

“Not going well, this prosecutor might as well be trying to lose. The seven interrogation videos and the phone logs are all corrupted, I need to get copies down to the courthouse ASAP.”

“Don’t worry for one second. I’ll meet you in the evidence garage and have them ready.”

“You read my mind, Abs.”

“It’s what I do,” Abby said. Ellie hung up and got in her car. She got to the navy yard about as fast as she could hope for in D.C. traffic and raced to the evidence garage. Abby was waiting there at the computer, Caf-POW in hand. Her hair was in symmetrical pigtails, and she was dressed in red NCIS coveralls.

“I got everything ready for you, Bishop! All you need to do is connect your laptop and download the files.”

“You’re a lifesaver.” Ellie plugged her laptop into the hardline and set the files to transfer. She felt the pressure in her bowels mounting. The computer estimated three minutes to transfer the files; not enough time to use the toilet. If Ellie was alone, she would have let out a fart to relieve some pressure. But she didn’t want to crop dust Abby.

“It’d be a real shame if we didn’t get to show those videos to the jury. Seven confessions in a row is like a hall of fame Gibbs moment, we can’t let it go to waste.”

“I won’t let it, Abby. Count on it,” Ellie said.

After another ninety seconds, the files were transferred. Ellie properly disconnected, then rushed out of the room. She called back over her shoulder “You’ll have to take an IOU on a Caf-POW!”

“This one’s on the house, Ellie,” Abby replied.

Ellie hopped back in her car and drove off. Her need to poop was around a 7/10. She farted and felt a little bit better. She made it back to the courtroom just under an hour after she had left. Tony was waiting outside.

“Got everything?”

“Yeah Tony, files transferred,” Ellie said.

“Alright then.” Tony opened the door and gestured inside. “Good luck Bishop. McGee is testifying, and you’re manning the computer.”

“Right now?” Ellie was hoping for a bathroom break.

“Judge Fordham is out of patience. We need to get on the stand.”

Ellie conceded the point. “Okay. Okay I’m ready.”

Tony gave her a slap on the back. “Go get ‘em, Probie!”

Ellie entered the courtroom, Tony following. Tim was already sitting at the witness stand on the judge’s left side. The jurors were arranged with number one closest to the public and number twelve on the opposite corner. (There’s more space than in the pictured diagram, allowing for a display monitor against the wall between the witness stand and the jury box.) Tony took a seat in the public benches while Ellie approached the judge. She said “We have the files right here, Your Honor.”

“Very well. Proceed, Special Agent Bishop.”

Ellie connected her computer to the display and pulled up the phone logs. She then took her spot across from Tim, with the display screen between them. The prosecutor asked Tim to explain the evidence, which started a very lengthy and dry legal process. Ellie farted, this time involuntarily. She stood up straighter and tightly gripped the banister of the jury box. She didn’t think anyone heard it, but she could smell it. She was standing right next to the jury; she bit her bottom lip and hoped against hope that they couldn’t smell her fart.

Tim explained in detail the phone calls that they had traced from James Marston to his dealers, and Ellie stood next to the screen to indicate each line as Tim said it. She farted again, and this time felt a turtlehead. She clenched her asscheeks as hard as she could, squeezing her legs so tightly together that she thought she could turn coal into a diamond. Ellie felt the tip of the log retreat back up and she took a breath. While Tim was talking and had the jury’s attention, Ellie looked at Judge Fordham and mouthed “bathroom, please?”

He shook his head. Ellie grimaced, but returned her attention to the screen. She had almost missed the last line, distracted by her near miss. Tim continued on, finally reaching the last phone call. The prosecutor directed Ellie to switch files from the phone logs to the interrogation videos. These files could be controlled with a remote, which Ellie was very glad for. If she had to keep bending down to click on the laptop, she wasn’t certain she’d be able to hold in her poop. Even just when bending down to pick up the remote Ellie farted silently. When she pressed play, she tried to get the judge’s attention but saw that he was focused on the video. She waved one of the court police over to her. She wrote down another request for the bathroom and asked him to pass it to the judge.

Judge Fordham looked at the note, then shook his head at Ellie. He pointed firmly at where she was standing, and the message was clear. She was to stay where she was. Ellie couldn’t believe it. She was almost touching cotton here, but she couldn’t leave.

But Ellie shouldn’t be touching cotton. Her need hadn’t been this bad, even just a half an hour ago. She should be fine, she should be able to wait at least another hour. It wasn’t a sudden urge, it wasn’t spurred on by spicy food or coffee. It was a solid load that by all rights she should be able to hold, but it was once again peeking out. She clenched with all her strength, and felt the turd retreat again.

The first interrogation video came to a close, Ellie clicked on the next one at Murphy’s direction. As the video began to play Ellie felt the tip of her poop begin to move once more, slowly inching its way out. Ellie gripped the bannister so tightly her knuckles turned white as she clenched again, but this time it wasn’t enough. The turtlehead was not retreating; it was in fact still extending. Ellie was having an accident right in front of a full courtroom.

The turd made contact with Ellie’s panties, tenting them out as it worked its way down. Ellie froze as she felt her poop fully emerge into her grey panties, creating a bulge slightly larger than a plum. Her pants were not tight enough to hold their form; the seat of her pantsuit was expanding out to accommodate the load as she involuntarily pushed it out.

Ellie stood stock still in utter disbelief. She was fully pooping her pants in a crowded courtroom, and there was nothing she could do to stop it. The only thing she could think of was stand with her back almost squarely against the wall, and not turn her back on the jury again. But there was no hiding the smell, which had already reached her nose.

Ellie tried to keep a straight face as she felt another log trying to slide out. This one made it only halfway out before Ellie managed to pinch it off, expanding the bulge in her pants to about the size of an orange. Juror Number Six, who was seated closest to Ellie, made a face. He wrinkled his nose and started to look around. Juror Number Twelve, seated directly behind Six, asked Six what was wrong.

“You don’t smell that?” Six whispered. Twelve sniffed the air and shrugged. Five also sniffed the air, then wrinkled her nose as well.

“You’re right, something smells,” Five said, bringing her hand up to slightly cover her nose.

“It smells like a dirty diaper,” Six said. Ellie almost died of embarrassment.

Fordham banged his gavel. “Quiet in the jury box!”

The jurors jumped, then fell silent. Juror Eleven seemed to catch the scent too at that point, shaking her head and glancing around for the source. That source was growing more pungent, as the piece of poop Ellie had prematurely snipped was now trying to force its way forward. She tried her best to fight it, but it was no use. The broken log pushed its way past Ellie’s clenched butt cheeks to join its other half sitting in her pants, and another turd started its descent. Ellie managed to halt its progress for all of a second before she once again pushed involuntarily. Her knees were now slightly bent, and she couldn’t help but grunt as the poop made its way out. As the final turd settled into her pants, Ellie felt like she had a warm, slimy mango in the seat of her panties.

The jurors closest to Ellie stared at her in shock. Ellie surmised that they had realized that she was the source of the smell. The interrogation video came to a close, and the entire room was silent. Ellie closed her eyes, hoping to wake up from what was surely a bad dream. But when she opened her eyes, she saw entire jury box looking at her now as the smell of her accident permeated the room.

Ellie looked to her right and saw Judge Fordham and Tim both staring at her as well. From where they were seated, her bulge was obvious. Fordham cleared his throat and said “The court will now recess.”

“Special Agent Bishop, approach the bench,” Judge Fordham said. Ellie did as she was instructed, feeling the hefty weight residing in her sagging panties as she walked bow-legged to the judge. Any jurors who were still in doubt as to the source of the smell felt those doubts disappear as Ellie turned away from them, displaying the mango sized bulge in her pants for all to see. The jury quickly shuffled out through their door, hoping to spare what dignity was left to the young agent.

The stern look Judge Fordham had been wearing for most of the morning was now replaced with one of concern. “Are you ill, Agent Bishop?”

Ellie was about to say no, then stopped to really consider it. Her control of her bodily functions had been steadily declining over the course of a few weeks, and she wasn’t sure why. She knew that the stakeout accident was unavoidable, and her accident when they fought Fay Gussman was understandable. But since that shootout with Gussman, Ellie had experienced two bedwettings, a full daytime wetting, several near accidents, and now a messing. Ducky was right; she needed to see a doctor.

“I think I must be,” Ellie said quietly. The judge nodded in understanding. Tony approached the bench from the public area.

“McGee and I can handle everything from here, Bishop,” Tony said. Tim nodded and put a hand on Ellie’s shoulder. “Go home. We’ll cover for you.”

“Thanks, Tony,” Ellie said. She handed Tim the remote and said “Can you bring my laptop back to me at work tomorrow?” Tim agreed.

Ellie walked out of the courtroom, and straight into Gibbs. “Bishop,” He said. “Where are you going?”

He was holding a man Ellie didn’t recognize by the bicep. The man was in handcuffs.

“Where am I going? Where are you going? And who the hell is that?” Ellie asked. It was a rather bizarre situation all things considered. Gibbs disappears for barely two hours, and he comes back with a stranger in handcuffs to find Ellie walking out of court with crap in her pants.

“This is Jared Murphy’s para-“ Gibbs started to say before abruptly stopping. He wrinkled his nose and looked around, having apparently caught the scent of Ellie’s poop. When he made eye contact with her, a look of comprehension crossed his face. “Oh, Bishop!”

Ellie sheepishly readjusted her pants; the weight in her panties had caused them to start slowly sliding down her waist. She pulled her waistband sharply upward and squeaked as she felt the mess squish against her ass. Gibbs looked at her for a moment longer; he looked to be weighing something in his head.

“Go home, Bishop. We’ll talk in the morning.”

“But wait? Who is that?” Ellie pointed at the man in handcuffs.

“I’ll tell you tomorrow. Go home.” With that, Gibbs walked into the courtroom, handcuffed man in tow.

Ellie’s curiosity would have to be satisfied later. She walked to the nearest bathroom and entered. As there was no one around, she took the opportunity to examine herself in the mirror. Ellie looked into her own eyes and seemed perfectly normal. Then she took a step back and turned her butt towards the mirror. She bit her lip as she saw the mango sized bulge in her grey pantsuit. She had so blatantly pooped in her pants.

Ellie shook her head, then went into the large stall at the end and stood over the toilet. She carefully lowered her pants to her knees and checked for stains. She saw none; her panties must have contained the entirety of her mess. She slowly lowered her underwear, feeling the mess peel away from her ass. She dumped the poop into the toilet and immediately flushed; she didn’t want to risk clogging it with the amount of toilet paper she was about to use.

Ellie cleaned up the best she could, but there wasn’t much she could do without wet wipes or a shower. She considered what to do now. She didn’t want to put the stained panties back on, but her pants still looked completely clean. If Ellie went commando, she would ruin her pants too. She resigned herself, and pulled her formerly grey underwear back up. The pants followed, and she emerged from the stall roughly twenty minutes after entering. She very thoroughly washed her hands, then retrieved a perfume bottle from her purse. She sprayed several times, trying to cover as much of the smell as possible.

Ellie briskly walked to her car, avoiding eye contact with anyone in her way and trying to outrun the lingering smell of poop. When she sat down, she retrieved the slip of paper Ducky had given her from her purse. It was time to call the doctor.

*005*2024-10-12 13:33

The Doctor’s Office

This chapter contains no messing, but references Ellie’s first messing accident.

Ellie came into work early the day after the courtroom incident, unsure of what awaited her. Tony and McGee both saw her accident, and Gibbs saw the immediate aftermath. He had told her that they would talk today, but Ellie was less than comforted. Would he berate her for a lack of professionalism? Demand she leave the team? Or ignore the incident altogether? He was a hard man to read.

Ellie was the first one at work today, and sat at her desk. She was in vivid blue jeans and a denim jacket today, over a dark brown long sleeve shirt. She wore chocolate hiking boots with pink socks on her feet, and striped black and blue full back panties. After signing into her desktop, she idly clicked through her email and found that she really didn’t have much that she needed to work on without her laptop. She looked at the clock on her screen and saw that she still had a good half hour before any of the others were likely to get there. Ellie decided to pay autopsy a visit.

The doors opened. Ellie walked into the room to see Ducky finishing paperwork at his desk.

“Good morning, Eleanor.”

“Morning, Ducky.” Ellie sat on the table closest to his desk and idly kicked her feet. Ducky looked over his glasses at her.

“Is something on your mind, Eleanor?”

Ellie hesitated. It was, at least subconsciously, the reason she came down here. But she suddenly found herself somewhat less than willing to discuss the subject that had brought her. She brushed the thought aside; everyone else on her team knew about her accidents, and Ducky might be the only one who could help her make sense of it.

“I uh- I gave that doctor a call.”

Ducky looked confused for a moment, then he nodded in comprehension. “Oh… yes, Dr. Alison Reid. Does that mean you’ve had… further trouble in that arena?”

Ellie softly laughed at Ducky’s tactful attempt at subtlety. “You could say that. I had a very major, very noticeable accident in the middle of a trial.”

“Oh dear. I’m sorry about that.”

“Yeah, me too. Everyone saw it; the prosecutor, the defendant, the jury, the crowd. Gibbs, McGee, Tony. Everybody.”

Ducky was now sitting forward, giving Ellie his full attention.

“I called Dr. Reid’s office and got an appointment for 1:00 PM today. And I want to stay positive, but can you tell me…” She hesitated, as if worried that saying what she was thinking out loud would make it true.

“Is incontinence a disqualification for NCIS?”

“I would have thought you’d looked that up on your own by now,” Ducky said.

“I just didn’t want to even think about it. But now I can’t stop thinking about it. And even if it doesn’t disqualify me from the agency itself, how will the team look at me? How will Gibbs?” Ellie was speaking very fast now, all the things she didn’t want to think about bubbling up to the surface.

Ducky rose from his desk. “Listen to me, Eleanor. Jethro sees something in you. He wouldn’t let just anyone sit at that desk upstairs. He can be a very demanding man, but you show exceptional promise. As long as you continue to perform your job to the very best of your considerable ability, you will have no reason to worry.”

Ellie did feel a little bit better. “Thanks, Ducky.”

Ducky smiled warmly. “You’re very welcome.”

Ellie stepped into the elevator and returned to the squad room. Tim was there now, and Ellie’s laptop was sitting on her desk.

“Thank you for bringing it back,” Ellie said as she sat down.

“Don’t thank me for that, Bishop. Thank me for not letting Tony look through it.”

Ellie snapped her head back at him “he wouldn’t!”

“Of course not,” Tony said as he approached his own desk. “I merely suggested that it would have been all too easy.”

Ellie made a mock offended noise, knowing full well that Tim and Tony were messing with her.

“Bishop, with me,” Gibbs said as he entered the space. The three agents jumped, and Ellie followed as directed.

“Where are we going?” Gibbs just gave her a look, declining to answer her question.

“Okaaay,” Ellie wasn’t sure if she even expected an answer. They stepped onto the elevator together. Gibbs pressed the lobby button. Ellie stood facing the door, her eyes flitting to between it and Gibbs. A few seconds after the elevator started moving, Gibbs hit the emergency stop. The lift clanged to a halt, and Ellie realized she was about to have one of the famous ‘Gibbs Elevator Talks’ that McGee and Tony told her about.

“It was Murphy’s paralegal, David Richards.” Gibbs said.

“What?”

“The man I brought into court yesterday. I said I’d tell you about it today.”

“Oh, right.”

“Richards was paid off by the defendant. He sabotaged Murphy’s evidence files, and spiked his coffee with a low dose of amphetamines to throw off his performance in front of the jury.”

Ellie nodded, not really sure what he wanted from her. There was a moment where neither of them spoke. “So are you going to tell me what that was yesterday?” Gibbs finally asked.

Ellie squared her shoulders and looked at him. She was done beating around the bush. “I’ve been having accidents since that shootout with Gussman.”

Gibbs didn’t say anything; he just held her gaze. Ellie took it a sign to keep going.

“I just- I don’t know why it’s happening. I feel like- like before that night, I didn’t have this problem. I didn’t need to run to the bathroom at the first sign I needed to pee. And it wasn’t just these two noticeable accidents I’ve had, I’ve also had bed wetting issues and far too many minor leaks on my way to the bathroom.”

She took a deep breath and continued. “But I’m doing something about it now. After what happened in court yesterday I called a doctor. She set me an appointment for 1300 this afternoon. And whatever she says, I’ll do it. I’ll do what I need to do to fix this problem, because I want to stay on your team. I want to be the best agent I can be. So whatever it takes, I’m down.”

Gibbs didn’t look away while Ellie was talking. When she finished, he said “That’s all I needed to hear.”

Ellie was taken aback. “It is?”

“Yes. I never asked my agents to be perfect. No one is. What I ask is that you all do everything necessary to do your jobs. You recognized a problem, and now you’re taking steps to solve it. That’s what a good agent does.” He hit the elevator button and it continued its descent.

He stepped off on the ground floor, leaving Ellie confused. “Wait, are we actually going anywhere?”

“I’m getting coffee.”

Ellie followed him out. The rest of the morning passed without incident, and just before One o’clock she was in the waiting room for Doctor Allison Reid.

“Eleanor Bishop?” A nurse called out into the waiting room.

Ellie stood up and followed the nurse into the exam room. After the normal vitals checks and preliminary questions, the nurse said that Dr. Reid would be with Ellie shortly. Five minutes passed, then a woman in a lab coat came into the room. She had wavy brown hair and very blue eyes.

“Good afternoon, I’m Dr. Reid.” Reid sat down next to Ellie. “So what brings you here today?”

“I’ve been having… bathroom accidents.”

“Okay. Bladder or bowel?” Dr. Reid asked.

Ellie’s face reddened, but she soldiered on. “Mostly bladder, but I’ve had bowel accidents as well.”

“When did this start?”

“A few weeks back,” Ellie said.

“Did anything out of the ordinary happen in that time, any additional stress or injury?”

“I did have to visit the ER. We were trying to arrest a suspect, and she opened fire on us. I got hit twice, but both shots hit my ballistic vest. That… made me wet my pants. Made me mess them as well. The doctors at the hospital didn’t say anything about my accident, they just did some scans for internal injuries and said that I only had some bruised ribs.”

Dr. Reid’s brow furrowed. “Have you noticed any blood in your urine, or pain or discomfort?” She asked.

“Not since my ribs healed. No blood or anything, or even pain. It just feels like my control is getting weaker.”

After a few more questions, Reid directed that Ellie provide a urine sample. Ellie frowned. She had used the bathroom right before she left work. When she said as much, Dr. Reid told her where the water fountain was and to just provide when she was ready. Ellie carried a water bottle with her most of the time, and today was no exception, but it was about half empty. She refilled it, took a few drinks straight from the fountain, and returned to the room.

“There are a few tests I want to run to confirm, but the most likely diagnosis is that your shooting injury is causing your incontinence,” Dr. Reid said when Ellie sat down. Ellie drank deeply from her bottle and nodded for Reid to continue.

“I believe that the shot caused damage to the nerves that control your bladder and bowels, causing them to send insufficient signals to the brain. This would cause you to underestimate your need, and fail to get to a bathroom in time. Now the good news is that this is very treatable.”

Ellie’s heart leapt. She had honestly not expected to encounter a solution. Dr. Reid saw Ellie’s eyes light up and smiled at her.

“There are exercises and behavioral modifications that have provided positive results in most patients. These include toilet scheduling, a bladder and bowel diary, bladder retraining, and Kegel exercises.”

Ellie’s face fell a little bit. She took a drink, then said “My job is very on call. And often demanding. I need to be able to respond to situations at a moment’s notice. How can I focus on bladder training when I can get called away at any time? I can’t keep a toilet schedule, I can’t guarantee any time I can always reliably access a bathroom.”

Reid thought for a moment. “Really, the only solution there would be some kinds of incontinence products. Diapers, pads and the like. They would be a last resort of course, but the key to any of these therapies is consistency.”

Ellie had really hoped that it wouldn’t come to that. “There’s nothing else?”

“There is a nerve stimulation treatment. It’s based on acupuncture, and it consists of weekly sessions for twelve weeks. But your insurance won’t cover it unless you try these behavioral therapies first. You should keep a bathroom diary, and keep me updated. After a few months, if there is no improvement, we can start talking about nerve stimulation.”

Ellie took all of this in, and considered her course of action. She drank again from her bottle, trying to make sure she could provide a urine sample by the end of the appointment. There really wasn’t much choice. There were no shortcuts; she would have to put in the work. She would make sure to take ample restroom breaks while at the office. While in the field… she had no options. She would need to be diapered if she was anywhere without easy bathroom access.

“Alright then. If that’s what I need to do, I’ll do it. What exactly do these exercises entail?”

Ellie drank again from her bottle as Dr. Reid explained. Ellie should schedule bathroom breaks at a minimum of three hours apart. Even if she didn’t think she needed to, she would pee every three hours. She was to keep a diary to track all bathroom activity. Include the nature of each event: full void, partial void, leak, or accident. (Ellie’s face went red at the implication that more accidents could occur in the future.) She needed to do Kegel exercises before and after bed. Dr. Reid provided Ellie with a written copy of these instructions, as well as a blank day planner to serve as her bathroom journal.

As Dr. Reid handed her the planner, Ellie realized that she did now have a minor need to pee. “I think I can provide that urine sample now.”

“Just down the hall. Ask the nurse at the desk for a receptacle and she’ll wait outside the bathroom and ensure the sample gets to the lab.”

Ellie did as she was told, and came back to Dr. Reid.

“Alright Mrs. Bishop, you should be all set. I recommend a follow up appointment in a month to see how your therapy is progressing.”

Ellie scheduled that follow up, then got in her pickup truck. As she drove off, she felt a twinge in her bladder. It was predictable, she supposed. Drinking so much water to try and provide a urine sample had set her bladder into overdrive. She looked at the dashboard clock. Her doctor visit had been roughly an hour; she should head back to work.

Of course, Ellie encountered traffic; bad traffic that would only be the result of an accident. She was stuck on a bridge, only two exits away from headquarters. But the cars weren’t moving. Her need to pee was growing rapidly, and she was immensely regretting her impatient decision to down so much water. She probably only saved a half hour at best at the clinic, and she was paying for it now. Ellie sent Gibbs a text.

[On my way back to NCIS. Stuck in bad traffic on the bridge. No clue how long I’ll be.]

She then set a relaxing music playlist on her phone and tried to keep her mind off her bladder. She was already at a 7/10, bouncing her heel next to the gas pedal. If she wasn’t driving she’d be crossing her legs. Traffic finally began to move, slowly inching forward. Ellie took the first exit and saw a CVS pharmacy off the ramp. She parked and got out, doubling over and crossing her legs as a wave of desperation crashed through her. When it subsided, she was honestly surprised she hadn’t leaked.

Ellie fast walked into the drugstore and made a beeline for the bathroom. She grabbed the handle and pulled; it didn’t budge. She looked at the door and saw a sign: “See front desk for bathroom key.”

She lost a spurt at the sight, and slammed her hands between her legs. She didn’t feel any wetness on the outside, but her panties definitely had a spot now. She walked toward the cashier and leaked again when she saw the line of five people. Ellie considered it for only a moment, then walked straight to the counter. A bored seventeen year old was manning the register, a poor attempt at a goatee on his face.

“Ma’am, you need to go to the back of the line,” He said, not even looking away from the customer he was ringing up.

“I just need the bathroom key really quick,” Ellie responded, openly holding herself.

The cashier said “we only give the key to paying customers. Store policy. You need to make a purchase, and therefore wait in the line.”

Ellie’s face flushed; she definitely couldn’t wait that long. The next man in the line seemed to take pity on her, and said “you can get in front of me, miss.”

“Sure, that works,” the cashier said in the same bored tone.

“Thank you so much,” Ellie said to the man.

The worker still took his sweet time ringing up the customer in front of Ellie while she squirmed in the front of the line. When the transaction was finally done, Ellie stepped up. She felt another wave of desperation and doubled over. When it subsided, she grabbed the first random candy bar by the register and slapped it on the counter.

Just as Ellie straightened up, she lost the battle. Pee started gushing out of her, hissing loudly against her striped black and blue panties. The customers behind her gasped as they saw the dark stain rapidly covering her ass and the back of her legs. Her jeans were quickly saturated, urine streaming out the legs and pattering loudly on the carpeted floor of the drugstore. The noise got the cashier’s attention, and he leaned over the counter to see the expanding puddle on the carpet.

There was nothing she could do. Ellie was still peeing, she felt the hot piss pooling in her shoes and soaking her socks. She leaned forward against the counter, putting her elbows on the it and burying her face in her hands. Ellie just stood in silence as she peed. It was embarrassing enough that her doctor had directed her to keep a toilet diary, but now the very first mark in it was going to be a public accident.

“Jeremy, what is the hold…” a middle aged Hispanic woman in a pencil skirt and glasses walked over. She had stopped mid sentence when she saw Ellie standing against the counter wetting herself.

“Ma’am? Are you okay?” She asked, almost too kindly. Like someone speaking to a child. Ellie’s stream had finally stopped by then.

“I asked to use the restroom,” Ellie said, turning around to face the woman she had deduced was the store manager. “And your wonderful employee upheld the store policy and refused to give me the bathroom key. So at least you know he follows the rules.” The last few drops of urine dripped off the cuffs of her pants as she glared the manager.

“I’m deeply sorry this happened to you, ma’am. But as you said, it is store policy. Can I provide you with a gift card for $25?”

Ellie took a steadying breath. This wasn’t their fault. It was a corporate policy, and yelling at some middle manager and her minimum wage worker wasn’t going to change the fact that she had wet her pants. Again. In public.

“Yes. You can also provide me with the bathroom key. Now that I” Ellie grabbed the candy bar and waved it around “am a paying customer. In compliance with your rules.”

“Of course, ma’am,” said the manager.

The cashier (Jeremy, Ellie could reasonably assume now) pulled a key from under the counter. Ellie looked at it and said “Actually, hold on to that for a minute. I need to get a change of clothes from my car.” She briskly strode out of the store, keeping her eyes determinedly locked on her truck as she passed a little boy and his mother who were walking by on the sidewalk.

“Mommy look! That girl had an accident!”

“Hush, Shawn! It’s rude to point,” Ellie heard the mother say to her son.

“But you said big kids don’t have accidents. And she’s a whole grown up and she had an accident!”

Ellie just moved faster, as if she could outrun the words. She didn’t hear the rest of their conversation as she dug around in her work bag for dry jeans, socks, and panties. She also grabbed the tennis shoes she had worn to the gym that morning. When she closed her truck door, the woman and her son were gone. Ellie walked back into the store and grabbed the key from Jeremy and asked for a plastic bag. As she neared the bathroom, she saw flushable baby wipes on a shelf and grabbed them.

She entered the single occupancy bathroom and closed the door behind her. Ellie took off and emptied her boots into the toilet one at a time, then stripped off her wet jeans and panties. The blue striped on her panties had darker tones now where her pee had stained them. She cleaned herself with the wipes and threw her wet clothes into the plastic bag. She then got dressed and emerged from the bathroom.

Ellie was going to just pay for the wipes and leave, but she was now looking directly at the incontinence section. She figured she might as well go ahead and buy some diapers. She would be needing them going forward, and she had already pretty much maxed out her embarrassment with the people in the store. Would anyone look twice at her buying a pack of diapers when her other hand was holding a bag containing jeans they had seen her pee in?

Ellie examined the products before her, slightly taken aback by the variety. Most seemed to be designed for small leaks like one would suffer from sneezing or laughing. Most of the more absorbent looking ones were tape on, which she believed would be difficult to take off and on when using the bathroom normally. The diapers were a last resort, after all. Ellie decided on a pack of pull-ups that bore the store’s own branding, with the words “Maximum Protection” written at the top.

She got in line to pay, and saw that Jeremy had moved to another register. There was another employee diligently cleaning the circular stain Ellie had left on the carpet in front of the original register Jeremy had manned. Ellie apologized to the employee cleaning her pee, which was acknowledged with a short nod. After she paid, she tied the bag containing her wet clothes and boots into the bed of her truck. She didn’t want to leave them in the cab because she was worried about the smell lingering.

Twenty minutes later, she was stepping off the elevator into the squad room. Ellie hoped her change of clothes would escape notice; her new jeans were a similar shade to the wet pair sitting in the plastic bag. As Ellie approached her desk, she saw Gibbs sitting at his own.

“How’d it go?” He said, not looking up from his paperwork.

“We’re working on a solution. It’ll take some time, but she thinks it’ll get better,” said Ellie as she sat down.

Gibbs looked up from his desk. “Better? You need to do better than better, Bishop. What happened in court yesterday can’t happen again.”

Ellie was affronted. She approached his desk and said in an angry whisper “What, do you think I want it to happen again? Did you think she’d have a magic pill, or a some wonder surgery that would solve the problem right away?”

Gibbs matched her tone. “I’m not telling you to do the impossible, Bishop. I’m telling you to take precautions. If your problem isn’t going away, you need to make sure it doesn’t affect your work.”

Ellie stared at him, and he met her eyes. She pulled out her CVS receipt and showed it to him.

“Okay. Good.” Gibbs returned his eyes to his work. Ellie sat back down at her desk.

“And Bishop?”

Ellie looked up.

“I understand it was difficult to confront this. You’re doing good.”

Ellie didn’t quite know how to respond. When Gibbs tells you that you are doing good, he means it.

*006*2024-10-19 03:54

Broaching the Topic

This chapter will cover season eleven episodes 18. No messing.

Dwayne Pride: Scott Bakula

Ellie Bishop had to have an embarrassing conversation with Jake. She had been hesitant to talk to him about her accidents; the only ones he knew about were the bed wetting he had woken up to and the accident during the Gussman shootout. They usually told each other everything, so she felt like he knew she was hiding something. But if she was to start wearing diapers and doing Kegel exercises, he needed to know.

Jake tended to get home first, but today was an exception. Ellie knew he had a long meeting, and wouldn’t be home until nearly eight. She got home at roughly six-thirty and grabbed the bag with her wet clothes as well as her boots. She went straight to the laundry machine and opened the bag, accidentally breathing in the scent of urine soaked jeans. She coughed and turned her head away; it was a very strong pee smell. Leaving the bag in the sun had clearly not been a good idea, even in the March chill. Ellie quickly tossed the clothes in with a generous helping of detergent and started the cycle.

For the boots, she would need to find a way to clean pee out of them. Ellie settled with putting them on the apartment balcony for now; hopefully the smell will diminish overnight. She then went back to the truck for her work bag and her CVS bag. She dropped both bags on the couch and stood over them, staring at the CVS package while she contemplated what was next.

Ellie was really unsure how to broach this topic with Jake. He had been supportive so far, but that was just with the two accidents he knew about. And the first one being the result of a gunshot, it would take a pretty cruel person to disparage her over that. But if he knew the extent of her issue… would he see her differently? They had a very active sex life; would he find her less attractive? How could he not? Who wants to be married to a woman who can’t use the bathroom properly? Who wants to go on trips with someone who could spring a leak at any moment, or need to pull into various rest areas to change a wet diaper? Who wants to raise a family when it means having to buy diapers for your wife and your children?

Ellie shook her head sharply, as if she were trying to shake the ideas out. Jake was her husband; he had made a vow to stay with her in sickness and in health. This wouldn’t come between them. Her mind was made up. When Jake walked in, she would be wearing just the diaper and a shirt. This would bring the diapers undeniably into the foreground, keep her from backing out and make sure that Jake is confronted full stop with the fact that Ellie would be wearing them for at least the next few months.

Ellie hung her denim jacket up on the coat rack by the door. Next were her jeans and panties. Having only worn them for a few hours, she packed them back into her bag. Now naked from the waist down, Ellie took a deep breath and opened the CVS diaper package. She pulled a single diaper out and turned it over in her hands. It was definitely a diaper, there was no sugar coating it. She examined the absorbent padding. Would it be enough? It looked plenty thick, but she really had nothing to judge it against.

Ellie pulled the diaper up and felt it snug on her waist. Her legs were very slightly forced apart by the padding, but she could walk normally. Walking didn’t shift the diaper much, as she paced through the apartment to test her mobility. When she got to the bedroom, she checked her appearance in the full length mirror. Her new garment was peeking out of the hem of her long brown shirt. She raised her arms over her head, and the hem of her shirt lifted above the waistband of her diaper, fully exposing it.

Logically, Ellie knew that she needed this. Over time, she could get her continence back to where it was before. But until then, diapers were her only choice. And that didn’t make it any easier. She sighed and made her way to the living room. TV would help calm her nerves; she turned it on and sat down cross legged on the couch. Now there was nothing to do but wait.

Around 8:00 as predicted, Ellie heard Jake’s keys in the door. The door opened and Jake must “Alright Ellie, I got your usual from Beltway. The cashier actually recognized us from the order, and he snuck in an extra order of fries.” Jake laughed as he put the food on the table. He then proceeded to the couch with the intention of greeting Ellie with a kiss. “He seemed disappointed that you weren’t with me. I think he might have a crush…” Jake stopped mid sentence as he stood behind the couch. Ellie was looking up at him with a very odd expression, diaper fully visible.

Jake seemed to take a moment to process the image. “What- uh- what’s that about, Ellie?”

“Fay Gussman.”

“…the woman who shot you? What about her?”

Ellie took a breath. “Do you remember exactly what happened? How exactly my body reacted to the hit?”

“Honestly the part of that night that leaps out at me is getting a phone call from your boss telling me you’d been shot,” said Jake, grasping her hand.

“You don’t remember that I wet my pants? Among other things?” Ellie didn’t wait for a response. “Well since that night, my control has been slipping.”

“Oh come on, Ellie, you wet the bed one time-“

“Twice,” Ellie interrupted him. “And a dozen-odd close calls, and three other full on daytime accidents.”

“What?”

“It’s become a major issue. The boots I wore to work today are drying out on the balcony as we speak.” Jake seemed taken aback, but he just squeezed her hand reassuringly to indicate that she should continue.

“It’s just hard. Especially with the nature of my job, sometimes there’s not a chance to take a bathroom break. At this point, nearly every member of my team has seen me wet myself or worse. I had a bad accident yesterday in court, in front of the whole jury, judge and everyone. After that, I called a doctor. She had an appointment open today… and this is what we’ve come up with.” Ellie explained everything the doctor had told her, including the last resort therapy. That she could probably get away with wearing panties any time she was sure to stay at headquarters or at home, but that such circumstances were rare. Jake just listened without interruption, holding her gaze as she spoke.

“I wish you had told me sooner,” was the first thing he said.

“I couldn’t even admit it to myself until yesterday, so technically you’re the first person to know after I realized,” Ellie responded. They both laughed, then embraced. The embrace turned to a passionate kiss, then to lovemaking. (Dinner lay forgotten on the table.) Ellie’s fears were proven to be unfounded. A marriage is built on trust and honesty, and confiding her problems only made them stronger together.

The next morning, they got ready for work the same as any day, with the exception that Ellie was now wearing a diaper. Her outfit also included a black puffy vest over a green long sleeve shirt, and her typical blue jeans. She looked at herself in the mirror, scrutinizing her waist and her ass.

“You can’t tell it’s there, Ellie. I know it’s there and I can barely tell. No one will see it if they aren’t looking at your ass long enough to constitute sexual harassment,” Jake reassured her.

“You don’t work with three experienced detectives. Their whole job is to notice things other people wouldn’t.”

“Their job also comes with a top secret clearance. They’re good at keeping secrets. And from what you’ve told me, you can trust them to keep yours,” Jake said.

Ellie pursed her lips. She admitted she was probably just being paranoid. The couple kissed and went their separate ways to work. As Ellie was driving to NCIS, her truck started making some very concerning sounds. When she parked, she got out and lifted the hood to take a look at the engine.

The agent was not what you’d call an expert on the internal combustion engine. But she knew what a broken part looked like when she saw it. There were some loose cables she could see right off the bat. Ellie reached in and started trying to reconnect them. As she worked, Tony and McGee spotted her and strode toward her.

“You think we should help her?” McGee asked.

“Do I look like the Auto Club to you?” Tony replied.

“We could call the motor pool.”

“No, let's just let our little grease probie do what she does.”

Ellie could hear them talking, but she was focused on her engine. She jerked back with the engine hose, causing her shirt to ride up some. Tim and Tony could now see the waistband of her diaper peeking out over her jeans.

“Is she wearing a-“ McGee started before Tony elbowed him.

It was enough. Ellie bolted upright and felt around her waist, discovering to her horror that the purple waistband was exposed. She quickly readjusted her shirt and pants, then turned to face the men. Her mind, usually so quick to solve problems, was blank. There was nothing she could say, no way around it. They knew.

“We understand, Bishop,” Tim said simply.

“What?” Ellie asked.

“If that’s what you need to get the job done, we won’t say a word,” Tim continued.

Tony added “Your secret is safe with us.”

Ellie looked between the two of them. “What about Rule Four? ‘Best way to keep a secret: Keep it to yourself. Second best: Tell one other person—if you must. There is no third best.’”

“Not all rules are equal,” Tony said.

“And Rule Four is superseded by Rule Fifteen,” said McGee.

“Always work as a team,” Ellie recited.

“We’re a team, Bishop,” Tony said. “Whatever you need, or Gibbs, or McGee. We make sure you have it.”

“And that includes our silence on this particular issue,” Tim continued.

Ellie felt a rush of gratitude. They didn’t look down on her for this, they understood. She could trust them.

“Thanks, guys. It really means a lot,” she said sincerely.

“And on that note, you think you got your engine figured out?” Tim asked.

“Yeah, I used to watch my dad take apart tractor engines. Piece of cake. The uh, whatchamacallit just disconnected from the thingamajig,” Ellie said.

“Oh boy,” Tony said in a tone of very little confidence.

“No, really, come here. Just see for yourself,” Ellie insisted.

“I'll just keep my nose out of your whatchamacallit, if you don't mind,” Tony said.

Gibbs walked up at that moment, coffee in hand. “There a problem?”

“Our new agent has a little engine trouble,” Tony told him.

“Anything I can do?” Gibbs asked as he got close enough to examine the engine block.

“It's pretty self-explanatory, really,” Ellie said, leaning back over the engine.

“Check to see if that little gizmo there is attached to that... other doodleybop?”

Tony and McGee just looked incredulously at each other.

“Not yet. You think that'll do it?” Ellie asked.

“If you spit on it. Sometimes that works,” Gibbs suggested. At that moment, he got a phone call.

“Yeah, on my way, Director,” he said after listening briefly.

What the director wanted was to provide assistance to the New Orleans field office. Special Agents Dwayne Pride and Chris LaSalle were investigating the murder of Dan McLane, the man who was Special Agent in Charge of the Fed Five, Gibbs’s original NIS team. The rest of the team had consisted of Mike Franks, Felix Betts, and probies Pride and Gibbs. McLane was now a politician, but his murder had similarities to those of a prolific killer the Fed Five had investigated decades ago. The killer was Victor Lorta, who had been nicknamed the Privileged Killer. Lorta had always claimed to be innocent, even to the day he died.

The two offices worked together in tandem for two days, following different leads and developments until another murder was committed. This one was of an FBI agent in New Orleans. Gibbs requested that he and Ellie accompany Pride back to New Orleans to follow up on the investigation there. Director Vance granted the request, and Gibbs and Ellie booked a 7 AM flight to NOLA.

Ellie was excited to travel to New Orleans, as she had never been there before. She was less excited about the prospect of packing diapers for a trip for the first time. She called Jake as soon as she had the flight information, then made all her preparations. By the end of the night, her suitcase was packed with a week’s worth of clothes and a few emergency diapers.

Jake drove her to the airport in the morning, where they parted with a kiss. Ellie was to meet Gibbs and Pride at baggage check so that the process of checking their bags with their weapons would go smoother. Even federal agents couldn’t travel armed unless it was directly necessary. The airport was full of the usual array of travelers, from families of five going to Disney World, businessmen in suits, and solo travelers in sweatpants or even pajamas. Ellie herself was wearing a pink checkered shirt and green cotton jacket. Her diaper was well concealed by her blue jeans, which were fastened by a brown belt she would clip her badge onto when they landed.

Ellie was not surprised to see that Gibbs and Pride were already there, fifteen minutes earlier than they had agreed.

“Ready, Bishop?” Gibbs asked as he hoisted his bag.

“Ready.”

Pride said “Well then. If y’all are ready, we’ll let the good times roll,” as he strode toward the baggage counter.

They got through security without incident, then grabbed a bite to eat while they waited on their flight. Ellie felt a twinge in her bladder, then checked her phone and saw that her bathroom timer was going to go off mid flight. She considered going before boarding, but decided against it. If this bathroom schedule was going to work, she had to keep it consistent. She was still wearing a diaper, but she wanted to end her dependency on them as soon as she could.

The three agents boarded the plane, and Gibbs was asleep barely a minute after sitting down. He was in the window seat, Pride sitting next to him to give Ellie the aisle seat. She decided to follow Gibbs’s lead and sleep on the flight. Her eyes were closed and she drifted off to sleep.

An hour later, Ellie was woken up by some intense turbulence. Or maybe it was the pressure in her bladder, that had increased substantially. She glanced to her left and saw Pride awake but Gibbs still sleeping.

“How long has the turbulence been this bad?” she asked Pride.

“Not long. We’ve only got an hour left in the flight, though.”

“Is it going to be this rough until we land?”

“Pretty much, Bishop.”

Only an hour he says. But Ellie had to pee bad. She looked at her bathroom schedule and saw she had thirty seconds left on her silent timer. At least she was consistent. The ‘Fasten Seatbelt’ light was shining brightly, and there was no indication it would change anytime soon. Ellie wasn’t sure she could wait much longer. She had been following the schedule pretty well the last few days, so her bladder was now conditioned to seek relief at this time of day.

Ellie bit her lip. The turbulence wasn’t likely to end before they start their descent, at which point the seatbelt light would stay on anyway. An hour until scheduled landing, plus however much time they would need to taxi up to the jetway, plus the fact that they were seated near the back of the plane. She probably had an hour and a half at best before she could get to a bathroom. Ellie knew that her diaper was just a precaution, but it occurred to her in that moment that she had never actually tested its capacity. What if it leaked? What if CVS’s ‘Max Capacity’ wasn’t enough? If she peed right now, she would pee less and be more certain that her diaper could hold it. But if she waited, and lost control…she could overflow the garment.

Was she really considering this? Had her control slipped so much that she was willing to wet herself intentionally because she had no faith that she could hold it until reaching a proper bathroom? As the thoughts crossed her head, Ellie had to admit that the answer was yes. Her bladder had proven to be utterly unreliable as of late; she couldn’t risk letting her diaper leak. She was going to pee right now.

Ellie looked to her left at Gibbs and Pride again. Gibbs still seemed to be dead asleep, and Pride absorbed in some book. Across the aisle was a family of three, all focused on their laptops. The agent leaned back and closed her eyes. Feigning sleep would make her less likely to be interrupted. She tried to relax her bladder… and nothing happened. While the past weeks had gotten her frustratingly familiar with wetting herself, doing so intentionally was a new experience. Ellie took a deep breath and tried to force something out.

Still nothing. She felt not one drop of pee escape her. Ellie sighed internally. Of course when she actually wanted to pee herself, her bladder was uncooperative. She lightly pushed, and felt the pee right on the edge of her urethra. But it refused to come out. Maybe a change in mindset would help? Ellie imagined herself sitting on her toilet at home, and pushed again. This time, she felt a spurt come out before instinctively clamping down.

She could feel the small amount of pee being absorbed into the padding. She gritted her teeth and pushed once more, trying to break her mental barrier all at once. This time, she was successful. A strong stream burst forth, rewarming the diaper and saturating its padding. Ellie wasn’t sure if it was her imagination, or if she could hear the pee hissing as it made contact with her diaper. It was certainly a different feeling, as instead of pee running down her legs she felt it rising against her nether regions, flowing up her ass like she had dipped just her butt into a hot tub.

Ellie was completely still as she peed, still feigning sleep and sincerely hoping that the hissing she heard was in her head, or at least that Pride didn’t hear it. She was beginning to fear that she would overflow her diaper, making her decision to pee then and there a moot point. She clenched hard, managing to stem the flow after having emptied slightly more than half her bladder.

Ellie surreptitiously brushed her hand between her legs, feeling for any outward signs of leakage. There were none, and the advertised odor control seemed to be working too. It seemed that her diaper had indeed held, at least the half bladder’s worth of pee she had emptied into it. She had just peed herself, and no one around was any the wiser.

She sat up straight and dropped her pretense of sleep, feeling the pee squishing around in her soaked diaper. There was no way to check if there were any leaks around her ass without drawing too much attention. The family across the aisle was still oblivious, and Pride had not put down his book. The urine absorbed by her diaper was rapidly cooling, leaving her privates feeling somewhat cold and clammy. But it was a much preferable alternative to publicly wetting her pants and seat, which Ellie now felt she had to admit was the only alternative. Even now, she had to face the fact that she would not have been able to wait until deplaning.

The rest of the flight passed without incident. Ellie was even able to keep reading up on the case files on her laptop, despite the distraction of her clammy diaper. Her bladder was still filling, though the reprieve she had gained from her wetting made her confident that she could wait until landing. When they landed, they went to the baggage service counter to collect their bags, which had been sent with priority due to the checked weapons.

“All right. I’ll get us a cab to the hotel you’re set up in, you’ll drop your bags and I’ll take you to the office. It’s right across the street from the lodge” Pride said, striding toward the exit with Gibbs and Ellie following. Ellie considered whether to stop and use the bathroom now, or wait until they got to the hotel. She felt there definitely wouldn’t be time to pee and change her diaper, and she didn’t want to stop twice. After a brief internal debate, she decided to wait until she could change. The team strode out of the airport to find waiting cabs.

Ellie was finding it somewhat challenging to walk normally with a wet diaper; she just hoped that the change in her gait was less noticeable to outside observers. The cab ride was uneventful, though Ellie was growing more uncomfortable sitting in her pee by the moment. They checked in to the hotel, and Ellie finally managed to get a bathroom break. She closed the bathroom door behind her and examined herself in the mirror. Ellie saw nothing that indicated she had just spent the past hour in a wet diaper, except that perhaps her stance was wider than it would have been. The agent looked at her ass in the mirror and saw it as only somewhat bulkier than normal.

She dropped her pants and cleaned herself, peeing in the toilet when she finished. She quickly pulled on a new diaper and rejoined Gibbs and Pride in the lobby, then Pride led them to the office. As they walked the New Orleans streets, Ellie saw a lot more people out and about than she expected. People drinking, having a good time, they even had to stop to let a maybe thirty person impromptu parade through the street.

“This happen every day?” Ellie asked. There was a festive feeling in the air, though she wasn’t aware of any holidays near.

“Life?” Pride looked bask at Ellie as he spoke. “We celebrate it coming in, celebrate it going out.”

“What don't you celebrate?”

“Not much.”

The building they were approaching didn’t look any different from the others surrounding them. Not even a sign, just a door and a keypad.

“How come you're not on a base or in a federal building?” Ellie asked.

“Do I look like the federal building type to you?” Pride responded. He walked to the keypad and typed in a code. Ellie turned to watch the parade continuing down the street with a smile.

“Bishop!” Gibbs called. “Come on.”

Pride held the door open and Gibbs walked in. “You have a junk food machine inside?” Ellie asked before following Gibbs. They settled into the office and got to work.


