Ellie’s Injury: An NCIS Fanfic

Author: JamesK

*004*2024-10-07 02:49

Courtroom Accident: Messing Version

This chapter takes place between episode 17 and 18 of season 11. It is a messing chapter, the wetting only version is the post directly above. The visual aids from the wetting version are also valid for this version.

New character:

Abby Sciuto: Pauley Perrette

Ellie Bishop was ready for her first day in court. It wasn’t her case; the first case she worked on wouldn’t be in court for another two months. But Gibbs had asked her to help with the prosecution of James Marston, a man who had been smuggling hard drugs onto multiple military bases. Gibbs wanted Ellie to get comfortable in court proceedings so she would be prepared to testify when her cases did come up. So she dressed smartly: a no-nonsense grey pantsuit and pink blouse, with sleek black heels and no socks. She wore grey bikini panties the same shade as her pants and a bra the same shade as her blouse.

Ellie drove to the courthouse and checked in with the clerk, who directed her to the courtroom. When Ellie entered, she saw the rest of her team already there.

“Good morning everyone.”

“Morning, Bishop,” Tim said.

“You nervous about your first court case, Elle Woods?” Tony asked.

Ellie was surprised. “Really? A Legally Blonde reference?”

Tony shrugged. “I like Reese Witherspoon. Sue me. But you dodged my question, Probie. How you feeling about your first court case?”

“Not my case,” Ellie replied. “But I think I’m ready anyway.”

“It’s your case now, Bishop,” Gibbs admonished. “You’re part of this team.”

“Got it, boss,” Ellie said.

“All rise. The Honorable Judge Mason Fordham presiding,” the bailiff announced.

Mason Fordham was a stern looking tall black man in his early sixties, with close cropped hair and a trimmed beard; both were speckled with grey. He sat down at the bench and directed the court to do the same. Ellie’s gut rumbled as she sat. She was still adjusting to cutting out coffee, and it had disrupted her bowel regulation. She used to consistently poop once a day after work, but this past week she had been all over the place and she hadn’t gone last night . She didn’t feel it was very urgent, as her ability to hold her bowels hadn’t diminished as much her bladder seemed to have.

While Ellie hadn’t had a full on daytime wetting since her accident in front of Jimmy and Ducky two weeks ago, she had had a few more close calls with damp panties. She had thankfully managed to keep these to herself, sneaking those occasional stained panties into the laundry before Jake could see them. She had even managed to hide a second bedwetting, though only because Jake had been out of town that night. But she had experienced not nearly as much trouble with her bowels, aside from perhaps an increased urgency when the need arose.

At this time, Ellie knew she could hold it a while longer, probably until after lunch. And she wanted to see as much of the court process as she could; any small detail could help her when her time came.

What she did see didn’t seem to be of much help. The prosecutor, Jared Murphy, seemed well out of his element. Even to Ellie’s inexperienced eyes Murphy looked to be on shaky ground. He was nervous and mumbling, and his opening statement was nearly forty minutes long. Ellie looked at the three agents beside her and saw apprehension and confusion on all of their faces. Conversely, the defense attorney (a black woman in her mid thirties by the name of Ava Carson) gave an opening statement that was succinct and well-delivered. The judge already looked irritated, and he called for a recess and a sidebar with the prosecutor.

“I know I’m new at this, but it doesn’t seem to be going well,” Ellie said to Tony.

Tony shook his head. “It’s not. I’ve seen an underpaid public defender make a better opening statement while defending a man with video evidence against him.

“Murphy is better than this,” Gibbs said quietly. “I’ve seen him prosecute Russian hit men without breaking a sweat. There’s something more going on.”

Ellie felt a twinge from her bladder as well as increased pressure in her bowels. She stood and walked straight for the bathroom; she was taking no risks today. As Ellie sat down on a toilet, she peed for roughly twenty seconds. She then tried to push out her poop, but it didn’t budge. Since she felt she could hold it a good while longer, she decided to try again later, because she was clearly getting nowhere right now. She got back in her seat just in time for the judge to call the court back in session.

The trial continued to go poorly for the prosecution. Murphy was fumbling with easy questions, and he seemed to only be getting more nervous and sweaty. He asked for another recess barely an hour after court reconvened. Jude Fordham was about to deny the request, but Carson said it should be allowed. Ellie could almost feel the anger coming from her coworkers, especially Gibbs. She excused herself and stepped outside. She dialed Jake; she wanted to see what he thought of this.

The phone rang twice, then Jake picked up.

“Hey baby! How’s court going?”

“Really weird. Do you have a minute? I want to get your take on this.”

“Uh, give me a minute to get somewhere I can talk.” After a few seconds of silence, Jake said “alright, hit me Ellie.”

Ellie told him everything she knew about the case and what had happened so far. “… if it wasn’t for our solid electronic evidence, I’d be pretty worried that Marston was going to walk.”

“Which evidence is that again?” Jake asked.

“McGee managed to trace his burner. We have call logs connecting him to seven different men and women busted with the drugs he supplied. Those same people gave testimony confirming that Marston was their supplier. It’s all on video, and Tony hand delivered the evidence to Murphy yesterday.”

“Yeah, with something like that this case is pretty solid. As long as that evidence gets presented I don’t see how you can lose. But it’s almost like Murphy is trying to lose.”

Ellie considered that for a moment; it almost made sense. But why would Murphy want to throw the case?

Jake abruptly said “Oh, something just came up. Gotta go, love you!” And he hung up.

Ellie pocketed her phone and went back to the bench. “Jake just said something interesting,” she told Gibbs.

He looked at her with a cocked eyebrow.

“He said he feels almost like Murphy is trying to throw the case.”

“Why would he throw the case, Bishop?” Tim asked. “He’s a respected prosecutor, this is bound to reflect badly on him.”

Gibbs looked reflective. “We’re missing something.” He strode out of the courtroom.

Ellie’s need to poop was slowly growing, around a 6/10. She would try again to empty her bowels when they broke for lunch, as she didn’t think there would be time right now before the court reconvened. Ellie was immediately proven correct, as the judge called the court to order seconds after Gibbs closed the door.

“The prosecution will now present its evidence,” Fordham said.

Murphy took the stand and set out the exhibits. After a moment of setting up, he began to explain the evidence to the jury. He started with the less consequential evidence; Ellie guessed he was saving the interrogation footage and phone logs for last.

“And now, ladies and gentlemen of the jury, I will show you the phone logs and interrogation videos that provide incontrovertible proof that James Marston smuggled nearly two hundred pounds of illegal drugs onto various marine bases,” Murphy said as he dramatically clicked on his computer and pointed at the screen.

File corrupted

“Uhh.” Click.

File corrupted

“Is there a problem, Counselor?” Judge Fordham asked.

“It looks like the files are corrupted.”

Fordham glared at Murphy for a moment, then looked to the agents. “Special Agent Gibbs?”

Tony stood up and said “Special Agent Dinozzo, Gibbs stepped out. We keep copies of those records at NCIS, I can send Special Agent Bishop to bring them here.”

“Very well,” Fordham said. “The court will recess. Again.”

Ellie looked at Tony “Couldn’t I get Abby to send me those files? Do I need to actually go all the way there?”

Tim spoke up instead of Tony. “Evidence files can’t be emailed out of NCIS headquarters. You’ll need to copy it directly from our server.”

“What he said. So run, Forrest, run,” Tony said.

Ellie strode out without another word. She pulled out her cell and dialed Abby.

“Hey Bishop!” Abby said. “How’s court?”

“Not going well, this prosecutor might as well be trying to lose. The seven interrogation videos and the phone logs are all corrupted, I need to get copies down to the courthouse ASAP.”

“Don’t worry for one second. I’ll meet you in the evidence garage and have them ready.”

“You read my mind, Abs.”

“It’s what I do,” Abby said. Ellie hung up and got in her car. She got to the navy yard about as fast as she could hope for in D.C. traffic and raced to the evidence garage. Abby was waiting there at the computer, Caf-POW in hand. Her hair was in symmetrical pigtails, and she was dressed in red NCIS coveralls.

“I got everything ready for you, Bishop! All you need to do is connect your laptop and download the files.”

“You’re a lifesaver.” Ellie plugged her laptop into the hardline and set the files to transfer. She felt the pressure in her bowels mounting. The computer estimated three minutes to transfer the files; not enough time to use the toilet. If Ellie was alone, she would have let out a fart to relieve some pressure. But she didn’t want to crop dust Abby.

“It’d be a real shame if we didn’t get to show those videos to the jury. Seven confessions in a row is like a hall of fame Gibbs moment, we can’t let it go to waste.”

“I won’t let it, Abby. Count on it,” Ellie said.

After another ninety seconds, the files were transferred. Ellie properly disconnected, then rushed out of the room. She called back over her shoulder “You’ll have to take an IOU on a Caf-POW!”

“This one’s on the house, Ellie,” Abby replied.

Ellie hopped back in her car and drove off. Her need to poop was around a 7/10. She farted and felt a little bit better. She made it back to the courtroom just under an hour after she had left. Tony was waiting outside.

“Got everything?”

“Yeah Tony, files transferred,” Ellie said.

“Alright then.” Tony opened the door and gestured inside. “Good luck Bishop. McGee is testifying, and you’re manning the computer.”

“Right now?” Ellie was hoping for a bathroom break.

“Judge Fordham is out of patience. We need to get on the stand.”

Ellie conceded the point. “Okay. Okay I’m ready.”

Tony gave her a slap on the back. “Go get ‘em, Probie!”

Ellie entered the courtroom, Tony following. Tim was already sitting at the witness stand on the judge’s left side. The jurors were arranged with number one closest to the public and number twelve on the opposite corner. (There’s more space than in the pictured diagram, allowing for a display monitor against the wall between the witness stand and the jury box.) Tony took a seat in the public benches while Ellie approached the judge. She said “We have the files right here, Your Honor.”

“Very well. Proceed, Special Agent Bishop.”

Ellie connected her computer to the display and pulled up the phone logs. She then took her spot across from Tim, with the display screen between them. The prosecutor asked Tim to explain the evidence, which started a very lengthy and dry legal process. Ellie farted, this time involuntarily. She stood up straighter and tightly gripped the banister of the jury box. She didn’t think anyone heard it, but she could smell it. She was standing right next to the jury; she bit her bottom lip and hoped against hope that they couldn’t smell her fart.

Tim explained in detail the phone calls that they had traced from James Marston to his dealers, and Ellie stood next to the screen to indicate each line as Tim said it. She farted again, and this time felt a turtlehead. She clenched her asscheeks as hard as she could, squeezing her legs so tightly together that she thought she could turn coal into a diamond. Ellie felt the tip of the log retreat back up and she took a breath. While Tim was talking and had the jury’s attention, Ellie looked at Judge Fordham and mouthed “bathroom, please?”

He shook his head. Ellie grimaced, but returned her attention to the screen. She had almost missed the last line, distracted by her near miss. Tim continued on, finally reaching the last phone call. The prosecutor directed Ellie to switch files from the phone logs to the interrogation videos. These files could be controlled with a remote, which Ellie was very glad for. If she had to keep bending down to click on the laptop, she wasn’t certain she’d be able to hold in her poop. Even just when bending down to pick up the remote Ellie farted silently. When she pressed play, she tried to get the judge’s attention but saw that he was focused on the video. She waved one of the court police over to her. She wrote down another request for the bathroom and asked him to pass it to the judge.

Judge Fordham looked at the note, then shook his head at Ellie. He pointed firmly at where she was standing, and the message was clear. She was to stay where she was. Ellie couldn’t believe it. She was almost touching cotton here, but she couldn’t leave.

But Ellie shouldn’t be touching cotton. Her need hadn’t been this bad, even just a half an hour ago. She should be fine, she should be able to wait at least another hour. It wasn’t a sudden urge, it wasn’t spurred on by spicy food or coffee. It was a solid load that by all rights she should be able to hold, but it was once again peeking out. She clenched with all her strength, and felt the turd retreat again.

The first interrogation video came to a close, Ellie clicked on the next one at Murphy’s direction. As the video began to play Ellie felt the tip of her poop begin to move once more, slowly inching its way out. Ellie gripped the bannister so tightly her knuckles turned white as she clenched again, but this time it wasn’t enough. The turtlehead was not retreating; it was in fact still extending. Ellie was having an accident right in front of a full courtroom.

The turd made contact with Ellie’s panties, tenting them out as it worked its way down. Ellie froze as she felt her poop fully emerge into her grey panties, creating a bulge slightly larger than a plum. Her pants were not tight enough to hold their form; the seat of her pantsuit was expanding out to accommodate the load as she involuntarily pushed it out.

Ellie stood stock still in utter disbelief. She was fully pooping her pants in a crowded courtroom, and there was nothing she could do to stop it. The only thing she could think of was stand with her back almost squarely against the wall, and not turn her back on the jury again. But there was no hiding the smell, which had already reached her nose.

Ellie tried to keep a straight face as she felt another log trying to slide out. This one made it only halfway out before Ellie managed to pinch it off, expanding the bulge in her pants to about the size of an orange. Juror Number Six, who was seated closest to Ellie, made a face. He wrinkled his nose and started to look around. Juror Number Twelve, seated directly behind Six, asked Six what was wrong.

“You don’t smell that?” Six whispered. Twelve sniffed the air and shrugged. Five also sniffed the air, then wrinkled her nose as well.

“You’re right, something smells,” Five said, bringing her hand up to slightly cover her nose.

“It smells like a dirty diaper,” Six said. Ellie almost died of embarrassment.

Fordham banged his gavel. “Quiet in the jury box!”

The jurors jumped, then fell silent. Juror Eleven seemed to catch the scent too at that point, shaking her head and glancing around for the source. That source was growing more pungent, as the piece of poop Ellie had prematurely snipped was now trying to force its way forward. She tried her best to fight it, but it was no use. The broken log pushed its way past Ellie’s clenched butt cheeks to join its other half sitting in her pants, and another turd started its descent. Ellie managed to halt its progress for all of a second before she once again pushed involuntarily. Her knees were now slightly bent, and she couldn’t help but grunt as the poop made its way out. As the final turd settled into her pants, Ellie felt like she had a warm, slimy mango in the seat of her panties.

The jurors closest to Ellie stared at her in shock. Ellie surmised that they had realized that she was the source of the smell. The interrogation video came to a close, and the entire room was silent. Ellie closed her eyes, hoping to wake up from what was surely a bad dream. But when she opened her eyes, she saw entire jury box looking at her now as the smell of her accident permeated the room.

Ellie looked to her right and saw Judge Fordham and Tim both staring at her as well. From where they were seated, her bulge was obvious. Fordham cleared his throat and said “The court will now recess.”

“Special Agent Bishop, approach the bench,” Judge Fordham said. Ellie did as she was instructed, feeling the hefty weight residing in her sagging panties as she walked bow-legged to the judge. Any jurors who were still in doubt as to the source of the smell felt those doubts disappear as Ellie turned away from them, displaying the mango sized bulge in her pants for all to see. The jury quickly shuffled out through their door, hoping to spare what dignity was left to the young agent.

The stern look Judge Fordham had been wearing for most of the morning was now replaced with one of concern. “Are you ill, Agent Bishop?”

Ellie was about to say no, then stopped to really consider it. Her control of her bodily functions had been steadily declining over the course of a few weeks, and she wasn’t sure why. She knew that the stakeout accident was unavoidable, and her accident when they fought Fay Gussman was understandable. But since that shootout with Gussman, Ellie had experienced two bedwettings, a full daytime wetting, several near accidents, and now a messing. Ducky was right; she needed to see a doctor.

“I think I must be,” Ellie said quietly. The judge nodded in understanding. Tony approached the bench from the public area.

“McGee and I can handle everything from here, Bishop,” Tony said. Tim nodded and put a hand on Ellie’s shoulder. “Go home. We’ll cover for you.”

“Thanks, Tony,” Ellie said. She handed Tim the remote and said “Can you bring my laptop back to me at work tomorrow?” Tim agreed.

Ellie walked out of the courtroom, and straight into Gibbs. “Bishop,” He said. “Where are you going?”

He was holding a man Ellie didn’t recognize by the bicep. The man was in handcuffs.

“Where am I going? Where are you going? And who the hell is that?” Ellie asked. It was a rather bizarre situation all things considered. Gibbs disappears for barely two hours, and he comes back with a stranger in handcuffs to find Ellie walking out of court with crap in her pants.

“This is Jared Murphy’s para-“ Gibbs started to say before abruptly stopping. He wrinkled his nose and looked around, having apparently caught the scent of Ellie’s poop. When he made eye contact with her, a look of comprehension crossed his face. “Oh, Bishop!”

Ellie sheepishly readjusted her pants; the weight in her panties had caused them to start slowly sliding down her waist. She pulled her waistband sharply upward and squeaked as she felt the mess squish against her ass. Gibbs looked at her for a moment longer; he looked to be weighing something in his head.

“Go home, Bishop. We’ll talk in the morning.”

“But wait? Who is that?” Ellie pointed at the man in handcuffs.

“I’ll tell you tomorrow. Go home.” With that, Gibbs walked into the courtroom, handcuffed man in tow.

Ellie’s curiosity would have to be satisfied later. She walked to the nearest bathroom and entered. As there was no one around, she took the opportunity to examine herself in the mirror. Ellie looked into her own eyes and seemed perfectly normal. Then she took a step back and turned her butt towards the mirror. She bit her lip as she saw the mango sized bulge in her grey pantsuit. She had so blatantly pooped in her pants.

Ellie shook her head, then went into the large stall at the end and stood over the toilet. She carefully lowered her pants to her knees and checked for stains. She saw none; her panties must have contained the entirety of her mess. She slowly lowered her underwear, feeling the mess peel away from her ass. She dumped the poop into the toilet and immediately flushed; she didn’t want to risk clogging it with the amount of toilet paper she was about to use.

Ellie cleaned up the best she could, but there wasn’t much she could do without wet wipes or a shower. She considered what to do now. She didn’t want to put the stained panties back on, but her pants still looked completely clean. If Ellie went commando, she would ruin her pants too. She resigned herself, and pulled her formerly grey underwear back up. The pants followed, and she emerged from the stall roughly twenty minutes after entering. She very thoroughly washed her hands, then retrieved a perfume bottle from her purse. She sprayed several times, trying to cover as much of the smell as possible.

Ellie briskly walked to her car, avoiding eye contact with anyone in her way and trying to outrun the lingering smell of poop. When she sat down, she retrieved the slip of paper Ducky had given her from her purse. It was time to call the doctor.

*004*2024-10-07 02:49

Courtroom Accident: Messing Version

This chapter takes place between episode 17 and 18 of season 11. It is a messing chapter, the wetting only version is the post directly above. The visual aids from the wetting version are also valid for this version.

New character:

Abby Sciuto: Pauley Perrette

Ellie Bishop was ready for her first day in court. It wasn’t her case; the first case she worked on wouldn’t be in court for another two months. But Gibbs had asked her to help with the prosecution of James Marston, a man who had been smuggling hard drugs onto multiple military bases. Gibbs wanted Ellie to get comfortable in court proceedings so she would be prepared to testify when her cases did come up. So she dressed smartly: a no-nonsense grey pantsuit and pink blouse, with sleek black heels and no socks. She wore grey bikini panties the same shade as her pants and a bra the same shade as her blouse.

Ellie drove to the courthouse and checked in with the clerk, who directed her to the courtroom. When Ellie entered, she saw the rest of her team already there.

“Good morning everyone.”

“Morning, Bishop,” Tim said.

“You nervous about your first court case, Elle Woods?” Tony asked.

Ellie was surprised. “Really? A Legally Blonde reference?”

Tony shrugged. “I like Reese Witherspoon. Sue me. But you dodged my question, Probie. How you feeling about your first court case?”

“Not my case,” Ellie replied. “But I think I’m ready anyway.”

“It’s your case now, Bishop,” Gibbs admonished. “You’re part of this team.”

“Got it, boss,” Ellie said.

“All rise. The Honorable Judge Mason Fordham presiding,” the bailiff announced.

Mason Fordham was a stern looking tall black man in his early sixties, with close cropped hair and a trimmed beard; both were speckled with grey. He sat down at the bench and directed the court to do the same. Ellie’s gut rumbled as she sat. She was still adjusting to cutting out coffee, and it had disrupted her bowel regulation. She used to consistently poop once a day after work, but this past week she had been all over the place and she hadn’t gone last night . She didn’t feel it was very urgent, as her ability to hold her bowels hadn’t diminished as much her bladder seemed to have.

While Ellie hadn’t had a full on daytime wetting since her accident in front of Jimmy and Ducky two weeks ago, she had had a few more close calls with damp panties. She had thankfully managed to keep these to herself, sneaking those occasional stained panties into the laundry before Jake could see them. She had even managed to hide a second bedwetting, though only because Jake had been out of town that night. But she had experienced not nearly as much trouble with her bowels, aside from perhaps an increased urgency when the need arose.

At this time, Ellie knew she could hold it a while longer, probably until after lunch. And she wanted to see as much of the court process as she could; any small detail could help her when her time came.

What she did see didn’t seem to be of much help. The prosecutor, Jared Murphy, seemed well out of his element. Even to Ellie’s inexperienced eyes Murphy looked to be on shaky ground. He was nervous and mumbling, and his opening statement was nearly forty minutes long. Ellie looked at the three agents beside her and saw apprehension and confusion on all of their faces. Conversely, the defense attorney (a black woman in her mid thirties by the name of Ava Carson) gave an opening statement that was succinct and well-delivered. The judge already looked irritated, and he called for a recess and a sidebar with the prosecutor.

“I know I’m new at this, but it doesn’t seem to be going well,” Ellie said to Tony.

Tony shook his head. “It’s not. I’ve seen an underpaid public defender make a better opening statement while defending a man with video evidence against him.

“Murphy is better than this,” Gibbs said quietly. “I’ve seen him prosecute Russian hit men without breaking a sweat. There’s something more going on.”

Ellie felt a twinge from her bladder as well as increased pressure in her bowels. She stood and walked straight for the bathroom; she was taking no risks today. As Ellie sat down on a toilet, she peed for roughly twenty seconds. She then tried to push out her poop, but it didn’t budge. Since she felt she could hold it a good while longer, she decided to try again later, because she was clearly getting nowhere right now. She got back in her seat just in time for the judge to call the court back in session.

The trial continued to go poorly for the prosecution. Murphy was fumbling with easy questions, and he seemed to only be getting more nervous and sweaty. He asked for another recess barely an hour after court reconvened. Jude Fordham was about to deny the request, but Carson said it should be allowed. Ellie could almost feel the anger coming from her coworkers, especially Gibbs. She excused herself and stepped outside. She dialed Jake; she wanted to see what he thought of this.

The phone rang twice, then Jake picked up.

“Hey baby! How’s court going?”

“Really weird. Do you have a minute? I want to get your take on this.”

“Uh, give me a minute to get somewhere I can talk.” After a few seconds of silence, Jake said “alright, hit me Ellie.”

Ellie told him everything she knew about the case and what had happened so far. “… if it wasn’t for our solid electronic evidence, I’d be pretty worried that Marston was going to walk.”

“Which evidence is that again?” Jake asked.

“McGee managed to trace his burner. We have call logs connecting him to seven different men and women busted with the drugs he supplied. Those same people gave testimony confirming that Marston was their supplier. It’s all on video, and Tony hand delivered the evidence to Murphy yesterday.”

“Yeah, with something like that this case is pretty solid. As long as that evidence gets presented I don’t see how you can lose. But it’s almost like Murphy is trying to lose.”

Ellie considered that for a moment; it almost made sense. But why would Murphy want to throw the case?

Jake abruptly said “Oh, something just came up. Gotta go, love you!” And he hung up.

Ellie pocketed her phone and went back to the bench. “Jake just said something interesting,” she told Gibbs.

He looked at her with a cocked eyebrow.

“He said he feels almost like Murphy is trying to throw the case.”

“Why would he throw the case, Bishop?” Tim asked. “He’s a respected prosecutor, this is bound to reflect badly on him.”

Gibbs looked reflective. “We’re missing something.” He strode out of the courtroom.

Ellie’s need to poop was slowly growing, around a 6/10. She would try again to empty her bowels when they broke for lunch, as she didn’t think there would be time right now before the court reconvened. Ellie was immediately proven correct, as the judge called the court to order seconds after Gibbs closed the door.

“The prosecution will now present its evidence,” Fordham said.

Murphy took the stand and set out the exhibits. After a moment of setting up, he began to explain the evidence to the jury. He started with the less consequential evidence; Ellie guessed he was saving the interrogation footage and phone logs for last.

“And now, ladies and gentlemen of the jury, I will show you the phone logs and interrogation videos that provide incontrovertible proof that James Marston smuggled nearly two hundred pounds of illegal drugs onto various marine bases,” Murphy said as he dramatically clicked on his computer and pointed at the screen.

File corrupted

“Uhh.” Click.

File corrupted

“Is there a problem, Counselor?” Judge Fordham asked.

“It looks like the files are corrupted.”

Fordham glared at Murphy for a moment, then looked to the agents. “Special Agent Gibbs?”

Tony stood up and said “Special Agent Dinozzo, Gibbs stepped out. We keep copies of those records at NCIS, I can send Special Agent Bishop to bring them here.”

“Very well,” Fordham said. “The court will recess. Again.”

Ellie looked at Tony “Couldn’t I get Abby to send me those files? Do I need to actually go all the way there?”

Tim spoke up instead of Tony. “Evidence files can’t be emailed out of NCIS headquarters. You’ll need to copy it directly from our server.”

“What he said. So run, Forrest, run,” Tony said.

Ellie strode out without another word. She pulled out her cell and dialed Abby.

“Hey Bishop!” Abby said. “How’s court?”

“Not going well, this prosecutor might as well be trying to lose. The seven interrogation videos and the phone logs are all corrupted, I need to get copies down to the courthouse ASAP.”

“Don’t worry for one second. I’ll meet you in the evidence garage and have them ready.”

“You read my mind, Abs.”

“It’s what I do,” Abby said. Ellie hung up and got in her car. She got to the navy yard about as fast as she could hope for in D.C. traffic and raced to the evidence garage. Abby was waiting there at the computer, Caf-POW in hand. Her hair was in symmetrical pigtails, and she was dressed in red NCIS coveralls.

“I got everything ready for you, Bishop! All you need to do is connect your laptop and download the files.”

“You’re a lifesaver.” Ellie plugged her laptop into the hardline and set the files to transfer. She felt the pressure in her bowels mounting. The computer estimated three minutes to transfer the files; not enough time to use the toilet. If Ellie was alone, she would have let out a fart to relieve some pressure. But she didn’t want to crop dust Abby.

“It’d be a real shame if we didn’t get to show those videos to the jury. Seven confessions in a row is like a hall of fame Gibbs moment, we can’t let it go to waste.”

“I won’t let it, Abby. Count on it,” Ellie said.

After another ninety seconds, the files were transferred. Ellie properly disconnected, then rushed out of the room. She called back over her shoulder “You’ll have to take an IOU on a Caf-POW!”

“This one’s on the house, Ellie,” Abby replied.

Ellie hopped back in her car and drove off. Her need to poop was around a 7/10. She farted and felt a little bit better. She made it back to the courtroom just under an hour after she had left. Tony was waiting outside.

“Got everything?”

“Yeah Tony, files transferred,” Ellie said.

“Alright then.” Tony opened the door and gestured inside. “Good luck Bishop. McGee is testifying, and you’re manning the computer.”

“Right now?” Ellie was hoping for a bathroom break.

“Judge Fordham is out of patience. We need to get on the stand.”

Ellie conceded the point. “Okay. Okay I’m ready.”

Tony gave her a slap on the back. “Go get ‘em, Probie!”

Ellie entered the courtroom, Tony following. Tim was already sitting at the witness stand on the judge’s left side. The jurors were arranged with number one closest to the public and number twelve on the opposite corner. (There’s more space than in the pictured diagram, allowing for a display monitor against the wall between the witness stand and the jury box.) Tony took a seat in the public benches while Ellie approached the judge. She said “We have the files right here, Your Honor.”

“Very well. Proceed, Special Agent Bishop.”

Ellie connected her computer to the display and pulled up the phone logs. She then took her spot across from Tim, with the display screen between them. The prosecutor asked Tim to explain the evidence, which started a very lengthy and dry legal process. Ellie farted, this time involuntarily. She stood up straighter and tightly gripped the banister of the jury box. She didn’t think anyone heard it, but she could smell it. She was standing right next to the jury; she bit her bottom lip and hoped against hope that they couldn’t smell her fart.

Tim explained in detail the phone calls that they had traced from James Marston to his dealers, and Ellie stood next to the screen to indicate each line as Tim said it. She farted again, and this time felt a turtlehead. She clenched her asscheeks as hard as she could, squeezing her legs so tightly together that she thought she could turn coal into a diamond. Ellie felt the tip of the log retreat back up and she took a breath. While Tim was talking and had the jury’s attention, Ellie looked at Judge Fordham and mouthed “bathroom, please?”

He shook his head. Ellie grimaced, but returned her attention to the screen. She had almost missed the last line, distracted by her near miss. Tim continued on, finally reaching the last phone call. The prosecutor directed Ellie to switch files from the phone logs to the interrogation videos. These files could be controlled with a remote, which Ellie was very glad for. If she had to keep bending down to click on the laptop, she wasn’t certain she’d be able to hold in her poop. Even just when bending down to pick up the remote Ellie farted silently. When she pressed play, she tried to get the judge’s attention but saw that he was focused on the video. She waved one of the court police over to her. She wrote down another request for the bathroom and asked him to pass it to the judge.

Judge Fordham looked at the note, then shook his head at Ellie. He pointed firmly at where she was standing, and the message was clear. She was to stay where she was. Ellie couldn’t believe it. She was almost touching cotton here, but she couldn’t leave.

But Ellie shouldn’t be touching cotton. Her need hadn’t been this bad, even just a half an hour ago. She should be fine, she should be able to wait at least another hour. It wasn’t a sudden urge, it wasn’t spurred on by spicy food or coffee. It was a solid load that by all rights she should be able to hold, but it was once again peeking out. She clenched with all her strength, and felt the turd retreat again.

The first interrogation video came to a close, Ellie clicked on the next one at Murphy’s direction. As the video began to play Ellie felt the tip of her poop begin to move once more, slowly inching its way out. Ellie gripped the bannister so tightly her knuckles turned white as she clenched again, but this time it wasn’t enough. The turtlehead was not retreating; it was in fact still extending. Ellie was having an accident right in front of a full courtroom.

The turd made contact with Ellie’s panties, tenting them out as it worked its way down. Ellie froze as she felt her poop fully emerge into her grey panties, creating a bulge slightly larger than a plum. Her pants were not tight enough to hold their form; the seat of her pantsuit was expanding out to accommodate the load as she involuntarily pushed it out.

Ellie stood stock still in utter disbelief. She was fully pooping her pants in a crowded courtroom, and there was nothing she could do to stop it. The only thing she could think of was stand with her back almost squarely against the wall, and not turn her back on the jury again. But there was no hiding the smell, which had already reached her nose.

Ellie tried to keep a straight face as she felt another log trying to slide out. This one made it only halfway out before Ellie managed to pinch it off, expanding the bulge in her pants to about the size of an orange. Juror Number Six, who was seated closest to Ellie, made a face. He wrinkled his nose and started to look around. Juror Number Twelve, seated directly behind Six, asked Six what was wrong.

“You don’t smell that?” Six whispered. Twelve sniffed the air and shrugged. Five also sniffed the air, then wrinkled her nose as well.

“You’re right, something smells,” Five said, bringing her hand up to slightly cover her nose.

“It smells like a dirty diaper,” Six said. Ellie almost died of embarrassment.

Fordham banged his gavel. “Quiet in the jury box!”

The jurors jumped, then fell silent. Juror Eleven seemed to catch the scent too at that point, shaking her head and glancing around for the source. That source was growing more pungent, as the piece of poop Ellie had prematurely snipped was now trying to force its way forward. She tried her best to fight it, but it was no use. The broken log pushed its way past Ellie’s clenched butt cheeks to join its other half sitting in her pants, and another turd started its descent. Ellie managed to halt its progress for all of a second before she once again pushed involuntarily. Her knees were now slightly bent, and she couldn’t help but grunt as the poop made its way out. As the final turd settled into her pants, Ellie felt like she had a warm, slimy mango in the seat of her panties.

The jurors closest to Ellie stared at her in shock. Ellie surmised that they had realized that she was the source of the smell. The interrogation video came to a close, and the entire room was silent. Ellie closed her eyes, hoping to wake up from what was surely a bad dream. But when she opened her eyes, she saw entire jury box looking at her now as the smell of her accident permeated the room.

Ellie looked to her right and saw Judge Fordham and Tim both staring at her as well. From where they were seated, her bulge was obvious. Fordham cleared his throat and said “The court will now recess.”

“Special Agent Bishop, approach the bench,” Judge Fordham said. Ellie did as she was instructed, feeling the hefty weight residing in her sagging panties as she walked bow-legged to the judge. Any jurors who were still in doubt as to the source of the smell felt those doubts disappear as Ellie turned away from them, displaying the mango sized bulge in her pants for all to see. The jury quickly shuffled out through their door, hoping to spare what dignity was left to the young agent.

The stern look Judge Fordham had been wearing for most of the morning was now replaced with one of concern. “Are you ill, Agent Bishop?”

Ellie was about to say no, then stopped to really consider it. Her control of her bodily functions had been steadily declining over the course of a few weeks, and she wasn’t sure why. She knew that the stakeout accident was unavoidable, and her accident when they fought Fay Gussman was understandable. But since that shootout with Gussman, Ellie had experienced two bedwettings, a full daytime wetting, several near accidents, and now a messing. Ducky was right; she needed to see a doctor.

“I think I must be,” Ellie said quietly. The judge nodded in understanding. Tony approached the bench from the public area.

“McGee and I can handle everything from here, Bishop,” Tony said. Tim nodded and put a hand on Ellie’s shoulder. “Go home. We’ll cover for you.”

“Thanks, Tony,” Ellie said. She handed Tim the remote and said “Can you bring my laptop back to me at work tomorrow?” Tim agreed.

Ellie walked out of the courtroom, and straight into Gibbs. “Bishop,” He said. “Where are you going?”

He was holding a man Ellie didn’t recognize by the bicep. The man was in handcuffs.

“Where am I going? Where are you going? And who the hell is that?” Ellie asked. It was a rather bizarre situation all things considered. Gibbs disappears for barely two hours, and he comes back with a stranger in handcuffs to find Ellie walking out of court with crap in her pants.

“This is Jared Murphy’s para-“ Gibbs started to say before abruptly stopping. He wrinkled his nose and looked around, having apparently caught the scent of Ellie’s poop. When he made eye contact with her, a look of comprehension crossed his face. “Oh, Bishop!”

Ellie sheepishly readjusted her pants; the weight in her panties had caused them to start slowly sliding down her waist. She pulled her waistband sharply upward and squeaked as she felt the mess squish against her ass. Gibbs looked at her for a moment longer; he looked to be weighing something in his head.

“Go home, Bishop. We’ll talk in the morning.”

“But wait? Who is that?” Ellie pointed at the man in handcuffs.

“I’ll tell you tomorrow. Go home.” With that, Gibbs walked into the courtroom, handcuffed man in tow.

Ellie’s curiosity would have to be satisfied later. She walked to the nearest bathroom and entered. As there was no one around, she took the opportunity to examine herself in the mirror. Ellie looked into her own eyes and seemed perfectly normal. Then she took a step back and turned her butt towards the mirror. She bit her lip as she saw the mango sized bulge in her grey pantsuit. She had so blatantly pooped in her pants.

Ellie shook her head, then went into the large stall at the end and stood over the toilet. She carefully lowered her pants to her knees and checked for stains. She saw none; her panties must have contained the entirety of her mess. She slowly lowered her underwear, feeling the mess peel away from her ass. She dumped the poop into the toilet and immediately flushed; she didn’t want to risk clogging it with the amount of toilet paper she was about to use.

Ellie cleaned up the best she could, but there wasn’t much she could do without wet wipes or a shower. She considered what to do now. She didn’t want to put the stained panties back on, but her pants still looked completely clean. If Ellie went commando, she would ruin her pants too. She resigned herself, and pulled her formerly grey underwear back up. The pants followed, and she emerged from the stall roughly twenty minutes after entering. She very thoroughly washed her hands, then retrieved a perfume bottle from her purse. She sprayed several times, trying to cover as much of the smell as possible.

Ellie briskly walked to her car, avoiding eye contact with anyone in her way and trying to outrun the lingering smell of poop. When she sat down, she retrieved the slip of paper Ducky had given her from her purse. It was time to call the doctor.

*005*2024-10-12 13:33

The Doctor’s Office

This chapter contains no messing, but references Ellie’s first messing accident.

Ellie came into work early the day after the courtroom incident, unsure of what awaited her. Tony and McGee both saw her accident, and Gibbs saw the immediate aftermath. He had told her that they would talk today, but Ellie was less than comforted. Would he berate her for a lack of professionalism? Demand she leave the team? Or ignore the incident altogether? He was a hard man to read.

Ellie was the first one at work today, and sat at her desk. She was in vivid blue jeans and a denim jacket today, over a dark brown long sleeve shirt. She wore chocolate hiking boots with pink socks on her feet, and striped black and blue full back panties. After signing into her desktop, she idly clicked through her email and found that she really didn’t have much that she needed to work on without her laptop. She looked at the clock on her screen and saw that she still had a good half hour before any of the others were likely to get there. Ellie decided to pay autopsy a visit.

The doors opened. Ellie walked into the room to see Ducky finishing paperwork at his desk.

“Good morning, Eleanor.”

“Morning, Ducky.” Ellie sat on the table closest to his desk and idly kicked her feet. Ducky looked over his glasses at her.

“Is something on your mind, Eleanor?”

Ellie hesitated. It was, at least subconsciously, the reason she came down here. But she suddenly found herself somewhat less than willing to discuss the subject that had brought her. She brushed the thought aside; everyone else on her team knew about her accidents, and Ducky might be the only one who could help her make sense of it.

“I uh- I gave that doctor a call.”

Ducky looked confused for a moment, then he nodded in comprehension. “Oh… yes, Dr. Alison Reid. Does that mean you’ve had… further trouble in that arena?”

Ellie softly laughed at Ducky’s tactful attempt at subtlety. “You could say that. I had a very major, very noticeable accident in the middle of a trial.”

“Oh dear. I’m sorry about that.”

“Yeah, me too. Everyone saw it; the prosecutor, the defendant, the jury, the crowd. Gibbs, McGee, Tony. Everybody.”

Ducky was now sitting forward, giving Ellie his full attention.

“I called Dr. Reid’s office and got an appointment for 1:00 PM today. And I want to stay positive, but can you tell me…” She hesitated, as if worried that saying what she was thinking out loud would make it true.

“Is incontinence a disqualification for NCIS?”

“I would have thought you’d looked that up on your own by now,” Ducky said.

“I just didn’t want to even think about it. But now I can’t stop thinking about it. And even if it doesn’t disqualify me from the agency itself, how will the team look at me? How will Gibbs?” Ellie was speaking very fast now, all the things she didn’t want to think about bubbling up to the surface.

Ducky rose from his desk. “Listen to me, Eleanor. Jethro sees something in you. He wouldn’t let just anyone sit at that desk upstairs. He can be a very demanding man, but you show exceptional promise. As long as you continue to perform your job to the very best of your considerable ability, you will have no reason to worry.”

Ellie did feel a little bit better. “Thanks, Ducky.”

Ducky smiled warmly. “You’re very welcome.”

Ellie stepped into the elevator and returned to the squad room. Tim was there now, and Ellie’s laptop was sitting on her desk.

“Thank you for bringing it back,” Ellie said as she sat down.

“Don’t thank me for that, Bishop. Thank me for not letting Tony look through it.”

Ellie snapped her head back at him “he wouldn’t!”

“Of course not,” Tony said as he approached his own desk. “I merely suggested that it would have been all too easy.”

Ellie made a mock offended noise, knowing full well that Tim and Tony were messing with her.

“Bishop, with me,” Gibbs said as he entered the space. The three agents jumped, and Ellie followed as directed.

“Where are we going?” Gibbs just gave her a look, declining to answer her question.

“Okaaay,” Ellie wasn’t sure if she even expected an answer. They stepped onto the elevator together. Gibbs pressed the lobby button. Ellie stood facing the door, her eyes flitting to between it and Gibbs. A few seconds after the elevator started moving, Gibbs hit the emergency stop. The lift clanged to a halt, and Ellie realized she was about to have one of the famous ‘Gibbs Elevator Talks’ that McGee and Tony told her about.

“It was Murphy’s paralegal, David Richards.” Gibbs said.

“What?”

“The man I brought into court yesterday. I said I’d tell you about it today.”

“Oh, right.”

“Richards was paid off by the defendant. He sabotaged Murphy’s evidence files, and spiked his coffee with a low dose of amphetamines to throw off his performance in front of the jury.”

Ellie nodded, not really sure what he wanted from her. There was a moment where neither of them spoke. “So are you going to tell me what that was yesterday?” Gibbs finally asked.

Ellie squared her shoulders and looked at him. She was done beating around the bush. “I’ve been having accidents since that shootout with Gussman.”

Gibbs didn’t say anything; he just held her gaze. Ellie took it a sign to keep going.

“I just- I don’t know why it’s happening. I feel like- like before that night, I didn’t have this problem. I didn’t need to run to the bathroom at the first sign I needed to pee. And it wasn’t just these two noticeable accidents I’ve had, I’ve also had bed wetting issues and far too many minor leaks on my way to the bathroom.”

She took a deep breath and continued. “But I’m doing something about it now. After what happened in court yesterday I called a doctor. She set me an appointment for 1300 this afternoon. And whatever she says, I’ll do it. I’ll do what I need to do to fix this problem, because I want to stay on your team. I want to be the best agent I can be. So whatever it takes, I’m down.”

Gibbs didn’t look away while Ellie was talking. When she finished, he said “That’s all I needed to hear.”

Ellie was taken aback. “It is?”

“Yes. I never asked my agents to be perfect. No one is. What I ask is that you all do everything necessary to do your jobs. You recognized a problem, and now you’re taking steps to solve it. That’s what a good agent does.” He hit the elevator button and it continued its descent.

He stepped off on the ground floor, leaving Ellie confused. “Wait, are we actually going anywhere?”

“I’m getting coffee.”

Ellie followed him out. The rest of the morning passed without incident, and just before One o’clock she was in the waiting room for Doctor Allison Reid.

“Eleanor Bishop?” A nurse called out into the waiting room.

Ellie stood up and followed the nurse into the exam room. After the normal vitals checks and preliminary questions, the nurse said that Dr. Reid would be with Ellie shortly. Five minutes passed, then a woman in a lab coat came into the room. She had wavy brown hair and very blue eyes.

“Good afternoon, I’m Dr. Reid.” Reid sat down next to Ellie. “So what brings you here today?”

“I’ve been having… bathroom accidents.”

“Okay. Bladder or bowel?” Dr. Reid asked.

Ellie’s face reddened, but she soldiered on. “Mostly bladder, but I’ve had bowel accidents as well.”

“When did this start?”

“A few weeks back,” Ellie said.

“Did anything out of the ordinary happen in that time, any additional stress or injury?”

“I did have to visit the ER. We were trying to arrest a suspect, and she opened fire on us. I got hit twice, but both shots hit my ballistic vest. That… made me wet my pants. Made me mess them as well. The doctors at the hospital didn’t say anything about my accident, they just did some scans for internal injuries and said that I only had some bruised ribs.”

Dr. Reid’s brow furrowed. “Have you noticed any blood in your urine, or pain or discomfort?” She asked.

“Not since my ribs healed. No blood or anything, or even pain. It just feels like my control is getting weaker.”

After a few more questions, Reid directed that Ellie provide a urine sample. Ellie frowned. She had used the bathroom right before she left work. When she said as much, Dr. Reid told her where the water fountain was and to just provide when she was ready. Ellie carried a water bottle with her most of the time, and today was no exception, but it was about half empty. She refilled it, took a few drinks straight from the fountain, and returned to the room.

“There are a few tests I want to run to confirm, but the most likely diagnosis is that your shooting injury is causing your incontinence,” Dr. Reid said when Ellie sat down. Ellie drank deeply from her bottle and nodded for Reid to continue.

“I believe that the shot caused damage to the nerves that control your bladder and bowels, causing them to send insufficient signals to the brain. This would cause you to underestimate your need, and fail to get to a bathroom in time. Now the good news is that this is very treatable.”

Ellie’s heart leapt. She had honestly not expected to encounter a solution. Dr. Reid saw Ellie’s eyes light up and smiled at her.

“There are exercises and behavioral modifications that have provided positive results in most patients. These include toilet scheduling, a bladder and bowel diary, bladder retraining, and Kegel exercises.”

Ellie’s face fell a little bit. She took a drink, then said “My job is very on call. And often demanding. I need to be able to respond to situations at a moment’s notice. How can I focus on bladder training when I can get called away at any time? I can’t keep a toilet schedule, I can’t guarantee any time I can always reliably access a bathroom.”

Reid thought for a moment. “Really, the only solution there would be some kinds of incontinence products. Diapers, pads and the like. They would be a last resort of course, but the key to any of these therapies is consistency.”

Ellie had really hoped that it wouldn’t come to that. “There’s nothing else?”

“There is a nerve stimulation treatment. It’s based on acupuncture, and it consists of weekly sessions for twelve weeks. But your insurance won’t cover it unless you try these behavioral therapies first. You should keep a bathroom diary, and keep me updated. After a few months, if there is no improvement, we can start talking about nerve stimulation.”

Ellie took all of this in, and considered her course of action. She drank again from her bottle, trying to make sure she could provide a urine sample by the end of the appointment. There really wasn’t much choice. There were no shortcuts; she would have to put in the work. She would make sure to take ample restroom breaks while at the office. While in the field… she had no options. She would need to be diapered if she was anywhere without easy bathroom access.

“Alright then. If that’s what I need to do, I’ll do it. What exactly do these exercises entail?”

Ellie drank again from her bottle as Dr. Reid explained. Ellie should schedule bathroom breaks at a minimum of three hours apart. Even if she didn’t think she needed to, she would pee every three hours. She was to keep a diary to track all bathroom activity. Include the nature of each event: full void, partial void, leak, or accident. (Ellie’s face went red at the implication that more accidents could occur in the future.) She needed to do Kegel exercises before and after bed. Dr. Reid provided Ellie with a written copy of these instructions, as well as a blank day planner to serve as her bathroom journal.

As Dr. Reid handed her the planner, Ellie realized that she did now have a minor need to pee. “I think I can provide that urine sample now.”

“Just down the hall. Ask the nurse at the desk for a receptacle and she’ll wait outside the bathroom and ensure the sample gets to the lab.”

Ellie did as she was told, and came back to Dr. Reid.

“Alright Mrs. Bishop, you should be all set. I recommend a follow up appointment in a month to see how your therapy is progressing.”

Ellie scheduled that follow up, then got in her pickup truck. As she drove off, she felt a twinge in her bladder. It was predictable, she supposed. Drinking so much water to try and provide a urine sample had set her bladder into overdrive. She looked at the dashboard clock. Her doctor visit had been roughly an hour; she should head back to work.

Of course, Ellie encountered traffic; bad traffic that would only be the result of an accident. She was stuck on a bridge, only two exits away from headquarters. But the cars weren’t moving. Her need to pee was growing rapidly, and she was immensely regretting her impatient decision to down so much water. She probably only saved a half hour at best at the clinic, and she was paying for it now. Ellie sent Gibbs a text.

[On my way back to NCIS. Stuck in bad traffic on the bridge. No clue how long I’ll be.]

She then set a relaxing music playlist on her phone and tried to keep her mind off her bladder. She was already at a 7/10, bouncing her heel next to the gas pedal. If she wasn’t driving she’d be crossing her legs. Traffic finally began to move, slowly inching forward. Ellie took the first exit and saw a CVS pharmacy off the ramp. She parked and got out, doubling over and crossing her legs as a wave of desperation crashed through her. When it subsided, she was honestly surprised she hadn’t leaked.

Ellie fast walked into the drugstore and made a beeline for the bathroom. She grabbed the handle and pulled; it didn’t budge. She looked at the door and saw a sign: “See front desk for bathroom key.”

She lost a spurt at the sight, and slammed her hands between her legs. She didn’t feel any wetness on the outside, but her panties definitely had a spot now. She walked toward the cashier and leaked again when she saw the line of five people. Ellie considered it for only a moment, then walked straight to the counter. A bored seventeen year old was manning the register, a poor attempt at a goatee on his face.

“Ma’am, you need to go to the back of the line,” He said, not even looking away from the customer he was ringing up.

“I just need the bathroom key really quick,” Ellie responded, openly holding herself.

The cashier said “we only give the key to paying customers. Store policy. You need to make a purchase, and therefore wait in the line.”

Ellie’s face flushed; she definitely couldn’t wait that long. The next man in the line seemed to take pity on her, and said “you can get in front of me, miss.”

“Sure, that works,” the cashier said in the same bored tone.

“Thank you so much,” Ellie said to the man.

The worker still took his sweet time ringing up the customer in front of Ellie while she squirmed in the front of the line. When the transaction was finally done, Ellie stepped up. She felt another wave of desperation and doubled over. When it subsided, she grabbed the first random candy bar by the register and slapped it on the counter.

Just as Ellie straightened up, she lost the battle. Pee started gushing out of her, hissing loudly against her striped black and blue panties. The customers behind her gasped as they saw the dark stain rapidly covering her ass and the back of her legs. Her jeans were quickly saturated, urine streaming out the legs and pattering loudly on the carpeted floor of the drugstore. The noise got the cashier’s attention, and he leaned over the counter to see the expanding puddle on the carpet.

There was nothing she could do. Ellie was still peeing, she felt the hot piss pooling in her shoes and soaking her socks. She leaned forward against the counter, putting her elbows on the it and burying her face in her hands. Ellie just stood in silence as she peed. It was embarrassing enough that her doctor had directed her to keep a toilet diary, but now the very first mark in it was going to be a public accident.

“Jeremy, what is the hold…” a middle aged Hispanic woman in a pencil skirt and glasses walked over. She had stopped mid sentence when she saw Ellie standing against the counter wetting herself.

“Ma’am? Are you okay?” She asked, almost too kindly. Like someone speaking to a child. Ellie’s stream had finally stopped by then.

“I asked to use the restroom,” Ellie said, turning around to face the woman she had deduced was the store manager. “And your wonderful employee upheld the store policy and refused to give me the bathroom key. So at least you know he follows the rules.” The last few drops of urine dripped off the cuffs of her pants as she glared the manager.

“I’m deeply sorry this happened to you, ma’am. But as you said, it is store policy. Can I provide you with a gift card for $25?”

Ellie took a steadying breath. This wasn’t their fault. It was a corporate policy, and yelling at some middle manager and her minimum wage worker wasn’t going to change the fact that she had wet her pants. Again. In public.

“Yes. You can also provide me with the bathroom key. Now that I” Ellie grabbed the candy bar and waved it around “am a paying customer. In compliance with your rules.”

“Of course, ma’am,” said the manager.

The cashier (Jeremy, Ellie could reasonably assume now) pulled a key from under the counter. Ellie looked at it and said “Actually, hold on to that for a minute. I need to get a change of clothes from my car.” She briskly strode out of the store, keeping her eyes determinedly locked on her truck as she passed a little boy and his mother who were walking by on the sidewalk.

“Mommy look! That girl had an accident!”

“Hush, Shawn! It’s rude to point,” Ellie heard the mother say to her son.

“But you said big kids don’t have accidents. And she’s a whole grown up and she had an accident!”

Ellie just moved faster, as if she could outrun the words. She didn’t hear the rest of their conversation as she dug around in her work bag for dry jeans, socks, and panties. She also grabbed the tennis shoes she had worn to the gym that morning. When she closed her truck door, the woman and her son were gone. Ellie walked back into the store and grabbed the key from Jeremy and asked for a plastic bag. As she neared the bathroom, she saw flushable baby wipes on a shelf and grabbed them.

She entered the single occupancy bathroom and closed the door behind her. Ellie took off and emptied her boots into the toilet one at a time, then stripped off her wet jeans and panties. The blue striped on her panties had darker tones now where her pee had stained them. She cleaned herself with the wipes and threw her wet clothes into the plastic bag. She then got dressed and emerged from the bathroom.

Ellie was going to just pay for the wipes and leave, but she was now looking directly at the incontinence section. She figured she might as well go ahead and buy some diapers. She would be needing them going forward, and she had already pretty much maxed out her embarrassment with the people in the store. Would anyone look twice at her buying a pack of diapers when her other hand was holding a bag containing jeans they had seen her pee in?

Ellie examined the products before her, slightly taken aback by the variety. Most seemed to be designed for small leaks like one would suffer from sneezing or laughing. Most of the more absorbent looking ones were tape on, which she believed would be difficult to take off and on when using the bathroom normally. The diapers were a last resort, after all. Ellie decided on a pack of pull-ups that bore the store’s own branding, with the words “Maximum Protection” written at the top.

She got in line to pay, and saw that Jeremy had moved to another register. There was another employee diligently cleaning the circular stain Ellie had left on the carpet in front of the original register Jeremy had manned. Ellie apologized to the employee cleaning her pee, which was acknowledged with a short nod. After she paid, she tied the bag containing her wet clothes and boots into the bed of her truck. She didn’t want to leave them in the cab because she was worried about the smell lingering.

Twenty minutes later, she was stepping off the elevator into the squad room. Ellie hoped her change of clothes would escape notice; her new jeans were a similar shade to the wet pair sitting in the plastic bag. As Ellie approached her desk, she saw Gibbs sitting at his own.

“How’d it go?” He said, not looking up from his paperwork.

“We’re working on a solution. It’ll take some time, but she thinks it’ll get better,” said Ellie as she sat down.

Gibbs looked up from his desk. “Better? You need to do better than better, Bishop. What happened in court yesterday can’t happen again.”

Ellie was affronted. She approached his desk and said in an angry whisper “What, do you think I want it to happen again? Did you think she’d have a magic pill, or a some wonder surgery that would solve the problem right away?”

Gibbs matched her tone. “I’m not telling you to do the impossible, Bishop. I’m telling you to take precautions. If your problem isn’t going away, you need to make sure it doesn’t affect your work.”

Ellie stared at him, and he met her eyes. She pulled out her CVS receipt and showed it to him.

“Okay. Good.” Gibbs returned his eyes to his work. Ellie sat back down at her desk.

“And Bishop?”

Ellie looked up.

“I understand it was difficult to confront this. You’re doing good.”

Ellie didn’t quite know how to respond. When Gibbs tells you that you are doing good, he means it.

*006*2024-10-19 03:54

Broaching the Topic

This chapter will cover season eleven episodes 18. No messing.

Dwayne Pride: Scott Bakula

Ellie Bishop had to have an embarrassing conversation with Jake. She had been hesitant to talk to him about her accidents; the only ones he knew about were the bed wetting he had woken up to and the accident during the Gussman shootout. They usually told each other everything, so she felt like he knew she was hiding something. But if she was to start wearing diapers and doing Kegel exercises, he needed to know.

Jake tended to get home first, but today was an exception. Ellie knew he had a long meeting, and wouldn’t be home until nearly eight. She got home at roughly six-thirty and grabbed the bag with her wet clothes as well as her boots. She went straight to the laundry machine and opened the bag, accidentally breathing in the scent of urine soaked jeans. She coughed and turned her head away; it was a very strong pee smell. Leaving the bag in the sun had clearly not been a good idea, even in the March chill. Ellie quickly tossed the clothes in with a generous helping of detergent and started the cycle.

For the boots, she would need to find a way to clean pee out of them. Ellie settled with putting them on the apartment balcony for now; hopefully the smell will diminish overnight. She then went back to the truck for her work bag and her CVS bag. She dropped both bags on the couch and stood over them, staring at the CVS package while she contemplated what was next.

Ellie was really unsure how to broach this topic with Jake. He had been supportive so far, but that was just with the two accidents he knew about. And the first one being the result of a gunshot, it would take a pretty cruel person to disparage her over that. But if he knew the extent of her issue… would he see her differently? They had a very active sex life; would he find her less attractive? How could he not? Who wants to be married to a woman who can’t use the bathroom properly? Who wants to go on trips with someone who could spring a leak at any moment, or need to pull into various rest areas to change a wet diaper? Who wants to raise a family when it means having to buy diapers for your wife and your children?

Ellie shook her head sharply, as if she were trying to shake the ideas out. Jake was her husband; he had made a vow to stay with her in sickness and in health. This wouldn’t come between them. Her mind was made up. When Jake walked in, she would be wearing just the diaper and a shirt. This would bring the diapers undeniably into the foreground, keep her from backing out and make sure that Jake is confronted full stop with the fact that Ellie would be wearing them for at least the next few months.

Ellie hung her denim jacket up on the coat rack by the door. Next were her jeans and panties. Having only worn them for a few hours, she packed them back into her bag. Now naked from the waist down, Ellie took a deep breath and opened the CVS diaper package. She pulled a single diaper out and turned it over in her hands. It was definitely a diaper, there was no sugar coating it. She examined the absorbent padding. Would it be enough? It looked plenty thick, but she really had nothing to judge it against.

Ellie pulled the diaper up and felt it snug on her waist. Her legs were very slightly forced apart by the padding, but she could walk normally. Walking didn’t shift the diaper much, as she paced through the apartment to test her mobility. When she got to the bedroom, she checked her appearance in the full length mirror. Her new garment was peeking out of the hem of her long brown shirt. She raised her arms over her head, and the hem of her shirt lifted above the waistband of her diaper, fully exposing it.

Logically, Ellie knew that she needed this. Over time, she could get her continence back to where it was before. But until then, diapers were her only choice. And that didn’t make it any easier. She sighed and made her way to the living room. TV would help calm her nerves; she turned it on and sat down cross legged on the couch. Now there was nothing to do but wait.

Around 8:00 as predicted, Ellie heard Jake’s keys in the door. The door opened and Jake must “Alright Ellie, I got your usual from Beltway. The cashier actually recognized us from the order, and he snuck in an extra order of fries.” Jake laughed as he put the food on the table. He then proceeded to the couch with the intention of greeting Ellie with a kiss. “He seemed disappointed that you weren’t with me. I think he might have a crush…” Jake stopped mid sentence as he stood behind the couch. Ellie was looking up at him with a very odd expression, diaper fully visible.

Jake seemed to take a moment to process the image. “What- uh- what’s that about, Ellie?”

“Fay Gussman.”

“…the woman who shot you? What about her?”

Ellie took a breath. “Do you remember exactly what happened? How exactly my body reacted to the hit?”

“Honestly the part of that night that leaps out at me is getting a phone call from your boss telling me you’d been shot,” said Jake, grasping her hand.

“You don’t remember that I wet my pants? Among other things?” Ellie didn’t wait for a response. “Well since that night, my control has been slipping.”

“Oh come on, Ellie, you wet the bed one time-“

“Twice,” Ellie interrupted him. “And a dozen-odd close calls, and three other full on daytime accidents.”

“What?”

“It’s become a major issue. The boots I wore to work today are drying out on the balcony as we speak.” Jake seemed taken aback, but he just squeezed her hand reassuringly to indicate that she should continue.

“It’s just hard. Especially with the nature of my job, sometimes there’s not a chance to take a bathroom break. At this point, nearly every member of my team has seen me wet myself or worse. I had a bad accident yesterday in court, in front of the whole jury, judge and everyone. After that, I called a doctor. She had an appointment open today… and this is what we’ve come up with.” Ellie explained everything the doctor had told her, including the last resort therapy. That she could probably get away with wearing panties any time she was sure to stay at headquarters or at home, but that such circumstances were rare. Jake just listened without interruption, holding her gaze as she spoke.

“I wish you had told me sooner,” was the first thing he said.

“I couldn’t even admit it to myself until yesterday, so technically you’re the first person to know after I realized,” Ellie responded. They both laughed, then embraced. The embrace turned to a passionate kiss, then to lovemaking. (Dinner lay forgotten on the table.) Ellie’s fears were proven to be unfounded. A marriage is built on trust and honesty, and confiding her problems only made them stronger together.

The next morning, they got ready for work the same as any day, with the exception that Ellie was now wearing a diaper. Her outfit also included a black puffy vest over a green long sleeve shirt, and her typical blue jeans. She looked at herself in the mirror, scrutinizing her waist and her ass.

“You can’t tell it’s there, Ellie. I know it’s there and I can barely tell. No one will see it if they aren’t looking at your ass long enough to constitute sexual harassment,” Jake reassured her.

“You don’t work with three experienced detectives. Their whole job is to notice things other people wouldn’t.”

“Their job also comes with a top secret clearance. They’re good at keeping secrets. And from what you’ve told me, you can trust them to keep yours,” Jake said.

Ellie pursed her lips. She admitted she was probably just being paranoid. The couple kissed and went their separate ways to work. As Ellie was driving to NCIS, her truck started making some very concerning sounds. When she parked, she got out and lifted the hood to take a look at the engine.

The agent was not what you’d call an expert on the internal combustion engine. But she knew what a broken part looked like when she saw it. There were some loose cables she could see right off the bat. Ellie reached in and started trying to reconnect them. As she worked, Tony and McGee spotted her and strode toward her.

“You think we should help her?” McGee asked.

“Do I look like the Auto Club to you?” Tony replied.

“We could call the motor pool.”

“No, let's just let our little grease probie do what she does.”

Ellie could hear them talking, but she was focused on her engine. She jerked back with the engine hose, causing her shirt to ride up some. Tim and Tony could now see the waistband of her diaper peeking out over her jeans.

“Is she wearing a-“ McGee started before Tony elbowed him.

It was enough. Ellie bolted upright and felt around her waist, discovering to her horror that the purple waistband was exposed. She quickly readjusted her shirt and pants, then turned to face the men. Her mind, usually so quick to solve problems, was blank. There was nothing she could say, no way around it. They knew.

“We understand, Bishop,” Tim said simply.

“What?” Ellie asked.

“If that’s what you need to get the job done, we won’t say a word,” Tim continued.

Tony added “Your secret is safe with us.”

Ellie looked between the two of them. “What about Rule Four? ‘Best way to keep a secret: Keep it to yourself. Second best: Tell one other person—if you must. There is no third best.’”

“Not all rules are equal,” Tony said.

“And Rule Four is superseded by Rule Fifteen,” said McGee.

“Always work as a team,” Ellie recited.

“We’re a team, Bishop,” Tony said. “Whatever you need, or Gibbs, or McGee. We make sure you have it.”

“And that includes our silence on this particular issue,” Tim continued.

Ellie felt a rush of gratitude. They didn’t look down on her for this, they understood. She could trust them.

“Thanks, guys. It really means a lot,” she said sincerely.

“And on that note, you think you got your engine figured out?” Tim asked.

“Yeah, I used to watch my dad take apart tractor engines. Piece of cake. The uh, whatchamacallit just disconnected from the thingamajig,” Ellie said.

“Oh boy,” Tony said in a tone of very little confidence.

“No, really, come here. Just see for yourself,” Ellie insisted.

“I'll just keep my nose out of your whatchamacallit, if you don't mind,” Tony said.

Gibbs walked up at that moment, coffee in hand. “There a problem?”

“Our new agent has a little engine trouble,” Tony told him.

“Anything I can do?” Gibbs asked as he got close enough to examine the engine block.

“It's pretty self-explanatory, really,” Ellie said, leaning back over the engine.

“Check to see if that little gizmo there is attached to that... other doodleybop?”

Tony and McGee just looked incredulously at each other.

“Not yet. You think that'll do it?” Ellie asked.

“If you spit on it. Sometimes that works,” Gibbs suggested. At that moment, he got a phone call.

“Yeah, on my way, Director,” he said after listening briefly.

What the director wanted was to provide assistance to the New Orleans field office. Special Agents Dwayne Pride and Chris LaSalle were investigating the murder of Dan McLane, the man who was Special Agent in Charge of the Fed Five, Gibbs’s original NIS team. The rest of the team had consisted of Mike Franks, Felix Betts, and probies Pride and Gibbs. McLane was now a politician, but his murder had similarities to those of a prolific killer the Fed Five had investigated decades ago. The killer was Victor Lorta, who had been nicknamed the Privileged Killer. Lorta had always claimed to be innocent, even to the day he died.

The two offices worked together in tandem for two days, following different leads and developments until another murder was committed. This one was of an FBI agent in New Orleans. Gibbs requested that he and Ellie accompany Pride back to New Orleans to follow up on the investigation there. Director Vance granted the request, and Gibbs and Ellie booked a 7 AM flight to NOLA.

Ellie was excited to travel to New Orleans, as she had never been there before. She was less excited about the prospect of packing diapers for a trip for the first time. She called Jake as soon as she had the flight information, then made all her preparations. By the end of the night, her suitcase was packed with a week’s worth of clothes and a few emergency diapers.

Jake drove her to the airport in the morning, where they parted with a kiss. Ellie was to meet Gibbs and Pride at baggage check so that the process of checking their bags with their weapons would go smoother. Even federal agents couldn’t travel armed unless it was directly necessary. The airport was full of the usual array of travelers, from families of five going to Disney World, businessmen in suits, and solo travelers in sweatpants or even pajamas. Ellie herself was wearing a pink checkered shirt and green cotton jacket. Her diaper was well concealed by her blue jeans, which were fastened by a brown belt she would clip her badge onto when they landed.

Ellie was not surprised to see that Gibbs and Pride were already there, fifteen minutes earlier than they had agreed.

“Ready, Bishop?” Gibbs asked as he hoisted his bag.

“Ready.”

Pride said “Well then. If y’all are ready, we’ll let the good times roll,” as he strode toward the baggage counter.

They got through security without incident, then grabbed a bite to eat while they waited on their flight. Ellie felt a twinge in her bladder, then checked her phone and saw that her bathroom timer was going to go off mid flight. She considered going before boarding, but decided against it. If this bathroom schedule was going to work, she had to keep it consistent. She was still wearing a diaper, but she wanted to end her dependency on them as soon as she could.

The three agents boarded the plane, and Gibbs was asleep barely a minute after sitting down. He was in the window seat, Pride sitting next to him to give Ellie the aisle seat. She decided to follow Gibbs’s lead and sleep on the flight. Her eyes were closed and she drifted off to sleep.

An hour later, Ellie was woken up by some intense turbulence. Or maybe it was the pressure in her bladder, that had increased substantially. She glanced to her left and saw Pride awake but Gibbs still sleeping.

“How long has the turbulence been this bad?” she asked Pride.

“Not long. We’ve only got an hour left in the flight, though.”

“Is it going to be this rough until we land?”

“Pretty much, Bishop.”

Only an hour he says. But Ellie had to pee bad. She looked at her bathroom schedule and saw she had thirty seconds left on her silent timer. At least she was consistent. The ‘Fasten Seatbelt’ light was shining brightly, and there was no indication it would change anytime soon. Ellie wasn’t sure she could wait much longer. She had been following the schedule pretty well the last few days, so her bladder was now conditioned to seek relief at this time of day.

Ellie bit her lip. The turbulence wasn’t likely to end before they start their descent, at which point the seatbelt light would stay on anyway. An hour until scheduled landing, plus however much time they would need to taxi up to the jetway, plus the fact that they were seated near the back of the plane. She probably had an hour and a half at best before she could get to a bathroom. Ellie knew that her diaper was just a precaution, but it occurred to her in that moment that she had never actually tested its capacity. What if it leaked? What if CVS’s ‘Max Capacity’ wasn’t enough? If she peed right now, she would pee less and be more certain that her diaper could hold it. But if she waited, and lost control…she could overflow the garment.

Was she really considering this? Had her control slipped so much that she was willing to wet herself intentionally because she had no faith that she could hold it until reaching a proper bathroom? As the thoughts crossed her head, Ellie had to admit that the answer was yes. Her bladder had proven to be utterly unreliable as of late; she couldn’t risk letting her diaper leak. She was going to pee right now.

Ellie looked to her left at Gibbs and Pride again. Gibbs still seemed to be dead asleep, and Pride absorbed in some book. Across the aisle was a family of three, all focused on their laptops. The agent leaned back and closed her eyes. Feigning sleep would make her less likely to be interrupted. She tried to relax her bladder… and nothing happened. While the past weeks had gotten her frustratingly familiar with wetting herself, doing so intentionally was a new experience. Ellie took a deep breath and tried to force something out.

Still nothing. She felt not one drop of pee escape her. Ellie sighed internally. Of course when she actually wanted to pee herself, her bladder was uncooperative. She lightly pushed, and felt the pee right on the edge of her urethra. But it refused to come out. Maybe a change in mindset would help? Ellie imagined herself sitting on her toilet at home, and pushed again. This time, she felt a spurt come out before instinctively clamping down.

She could feel the small amount of pee being absorbed into the padding. She gritted her teeth and pushed once more, trying to break her mental barrier all at once. This time, she was successful. A strong stream burst forth, rewarming the diaper and saturating its padding. Ellie wasn’t sure if it was her imagination, or if she could hear the pee hissing as it made contact with her diaper. It was certainly a different feeling, as instead of pee running down her legs she felt it rising against her nether regions, flowing up her ass like she had dipped just her butt into a hot tub.

Ellie was completely still as she peed, still feigning sleep and sincerely hoping that the hissing she heard was in her head, or at least that Pride didn’t hear it. She was beginning to fear that she would overflow her diaper, making her decision to pee then and there a moot point. She clenched hard, managing to stem the flow after having emptied slightly more than half her bladder.

Ellie surreptitiously brushed her hand between her legs, feeling for any outward signs of leakage. There were none, and the advertised odor control seemed to be working too. It seemed that her diaper had indeed held, at least the half bladder’s worth of pee she had emptied into it. She had just peed herself, and no one around was any the wiser.

She sat up straight and dropped her pretense of sleep, feeling the pee squishing around in her soaked diaper. There was no way to check if there were any leaks around her ass without drawing too much attention. The family across the aisle was still oblivious, and Pride had not put down his book. The urine absorbed by her diaper was rapidly cooling, leaving her privates feeling somewhat cold and clammy. But it was a much preferable alternative to publicly wetting her pants and seat, which Ellie now felt she had to admit was the only alternative. Even now, she had to face the fact that she would not have been able to wait until deplaning.

The rest of the flight passed without incident. Ellie was even able to keep reading up on the case files on her laptop, despite the distraction of her clammy diaper. Her bladder was still filling, though the reprieve she had gained from her wetting made her confident that she could wait until landing. When they landed, they went to the baggage service counter to collect their bags, which had been sent with priority due to the checked weapons.

“All right. I’ll get us a cab to the hotel you’re set up in, you’ll drop your bags and I’ll take you to the office. It’s right across the street from the lodge” Pride said, striding toward the exit with Gibbs and Ellie following. Ellie considered whether to stop and use the bathroom now, or wait until they got to the hotel. She felt there definitely wouldn’t be time to pee and change her diaper, and she didn’t want to stop twice. After a brief internal debate, she decided to wait until she could change. The team strode out of the airport to find waiting cabs.

Ellie was finding it somewhat challenging to walk normally with a wet diaper; she just hoped that the change in her gait was less noticeable to outside observers. The cab ride was uneventful, though Ellie was growing more uncomfortable sitting in her pee by the moment. They checked in to the hotel, and Ellie finally managed to get a bathroom break. She closed the bathroom door behind her and examined herself in the mirror. Ellie saw nothing that indicated she had just spent the past hour in a wet diaper, except that perhaps her stance was wider than it would have been. The agent looked at her ass in the mirror and saw it as only somewhat bulkier than normal.

She dropped her pants and cleaned herself, peeing in the toilet when she finished. She quickly pulled on a new diaper and rejoined Gibbs and Pride in the lobby, then Pride led them to the office. As they walked the New Orleans streets, Ellie saw a lot more people out and about than she expected. People drinking, having a good time, they even had to stop to let a maybe thirty person impromptu parade through the street.

“This happen every day?” Ellie asked. There was a festive feeling in the air, though she wasn’t aware of any holidays near.

“Life?” Pride looked bask at Ellie as he spoke. “We celebrate it coming in, celebrate it going out.”

“What don't you celebrate?”

“Not much.”

The building they were approaching didn’t look any different from the others surrounding them. Not even a sign, just a door and a keypad.

“How come you're not on a base or in a federal building?” Ellie asked.

“Do I look like the federal building type to you?” Pride responded. He walked to the keypad and typed in a code. Ellie turned to watch the parade continuing down the street with a smile.

“Bishop!” Gibbs called. “Come on.”

Pride held the door open and Gibbs walked in. “You have a junk food machine inside?” Ellie asked before following Gibbs. They settled into the office and got to work.


