Jess' Tinkled Tights

Author: JMatthews1995

*000*2019-04-13 16:04

It was the Sunday after Sophs pee holding challenge and Jess was feeling rather naughty. Today she was going to see how many times she could pee through her tights before Soph started to notice her either acting strangely, or the pee scent that would almost certainly be coming from between Jess' sexy legs! She had decided to try and make it as fun as possible by attempting to pee her self in full view of Soph whenever she could!

The day was planned in advance by Soph as she wanted to go for a nice walk, a lunch out at a lovely pub, and then to go and visit a nearby ruined castle. All of these would offer the perfect opportunity for Jess to give her sexy tights a nice soaking!

The girls both got dressed as normal in the morning. Jess opted for a nice pleated leather skirt. It wasn't very long, but it'd do the job of hiding her glistening tights nicely. She slipped into a pair of cute red lacey panties, then slid her sexy legs into her black tights. They were rather thick meaning they would take at least 20 minutes or so between wettings to at least dry to damp! Onto her feet she slipped a cute pair of leather ankle boots. She knew this would please Soph as she thought Jess always looked sexy in ankle boots.

After the girls were both ready to go out, Jess hurried off to the toilet. She slid her skirt down, settled her self on the toilet seat, spread her legs, and watched with pure excitement as the front of her panties and tights started to glisten. She felt the pee trickling softly between her delicate freshly showered little pussy lips and down to the bottom of her tights. The pee flowed quietly through the fabric and splashed into the toilet below. If Soph was listening it would be obvious to her that this wasn't one of Jess' normal, powerful jets of pee!

Once the flow subsided she sat for a few seconds to wait for the worst of the wetness to drip from her tights and then stood up, pulled her leather skirt back up around her waist, and heaved back down stairs to meet Soph at the door.

The girls walked for around 2 miles, the whole time Jess' panties clinging to her damp little pussy lips. She was already extremely turned on. Even more so by the fact that Soph had no idea how pissy her pussy was under her skirt! The walk felt like it went on for a very long time. Jess wasn't too fond of walks and just used them as an excuse to wind Soph up about her foot fetish.

"My poor little feet are so worn out!" Jess moaned "You better be giving me a damn good foot massage when we get home!"

Soph loved it when Jess teased her about her feet. She thought Jess' feet were perfect and was totally happy to pamper and even worship her little feet when they got home!

The girls both arrived at the pub totally worn out. They had walked for near enough 6 miles by this point and were both in need of a couple of big drinks and a nice meal. They opted to sit outside in the beer garden.

"Perfect" Jess thought to her self. She'd get the best chance of a sneaky little wetting if they stayed outside.

They got through their first drinks in no time, and ordered a second round along with some food. Jess sat, with her delicate pussy tingling with excitement, anticipating her next naughty little tinkle. She was struggling to concentrate on her conversation knowing that any minute now she'd be re-soaking her delicate little lips right in front of her sexy girlfriend. She hatched a naughty plan!

As soon as Soph had got up to go to the toilet, as she always did after her first round of drinks, Jess slid her leather skirt out from under her bum. Now she was sat with just her lacy panties and thin tights between her damp little lips and the freshly painted wooden bench slats. Soph returned and settled onto the bench opposite. Jess took her opportunity and put her plan into action.

Under the table she gently slid her foot out of one of her ankle boots. She then lifted her foot up, and gently started stroking Sophs sleak, leggings covered, legs. She started gently, slowly dragging the tips of her toes up and down Sophs shins. Then she worked her way up and began sliding her foot up and down the tops and slightly between Sophs thighs.

"Jess stop! People might see!" Whispered Soph looking slightly panicked.

"No they won't. There's no one around. You know you love it!" Replied Jess, as she slid her foot up under Sophs skirt and gently pressed her toes against her girlfriends hot little pussy.

"Seriously Jess! You're going to get seen!" Soph was sounding a little angry, but at the same time Jess knew she was only saying that because she wanted to appear as though she wasn't loving it. Soph went to look under the table.

"Don't look!" Jess said sharply "You'll bring attention to it!" She slid her foot down between Sophs legs and began gently massaging her. And as soon as Soph had stopped looking under the table, she relaxed her dainty pee hole. She sat, slowly but surely re-soaking her panties and tights under the table as she distracted Soph with her soft little toes. The perfect sneaky wetting was achieved, and yet again her delicate pussy was tingling with excitement and dripping with pee! Perfect!

As soon as her warm flow had subsided, she gently slid her foot out from between Sophs hot thighs and slid it back into her comfy ankle boot, only to find that she'd accidentally filled it with pee under the table! She hadn't even thought about the fact her boot was underneath her when she had let the pee flood out, and now she was sat with her toes soaked with her own hot pee! During the meal she managed to slide her foot back out, tip her boot over and tip as much pee out as possible, and then replace her boot on her pissy little foot! She'd have to remember to be more careful with the placement of her shoes during her wettings in the future!

Once they had both finished thier meals and 2nd drinks the girls headed off to the old ruins of the castle they were visiting. The next 2 hours or so was spent wondering around, admiring the views and looking at the achitecture and various intriguing things throughout the castle grounds. Soph was gain in need of a pee and headed off to the toilets, leaving Jess sat on a park bench. She took this opportunity to give her pussy a delicate little soaking. Only enough to wet per lips and panties and then she stopped and saved the rest of her bladder for a more naughty location.

Soph returned.

"How have you not peed today Jess?!" She quizzed. "We've both drank so much!"

"You know I have a huge bladder Soph!" She replied as she felt her cheeks blush red.

"Oh.. I suppose so.." Soph shrugged it off luckily and Jess sighed a little when she had knew she had got away with it.

After another 30 minutes walking around the girls began to head for the exit. Jess wanted to pee soon and wanted the next one to be super naughty. She decided she'd do a very small pee through her panties and tights whilst pretending to photograph a nice plant she saw. She squat down, took out her phone and began to focus it on a plant. Then as soon as she was in position let out yet another big spurt of pee. It was enough to splash down onto the concrete through her panties. Luckily Soph was looking the other way, and Jess had gotten away with yet another soaking of her delicate little pussy.

They had a long walk back home from the castle. The whole way Jess' delicate wet little foot squished around in her pissy boot, and her pissy panties clung to her throbbing clit. All she wanted was pee relief, and orgasmic relief by now. It was all she could think about. They reached a park that they had to walk through and Jess asked if she could stop for a bit to let her poor aching feet rest. Soph agreed as she was very sympathetic to the choice of footware Jess had decided on. Soph had been smart and put her gorgeous little bare feet into a pair of super soft black sneakers and was very happy with how her soft, sweaty little feet were feeling.

Jess settled onto the grass, unzipped both her boots and slid them off. Risking entirely being found out if her tights of her one foot were still glistening wet. Luckily they weren't. She slid her skirt out from under her bum when Soph wasn't looking. They sat for a few minutes just enjoying the sun when Jess decided she'd release her final pee into her panties whilst sitting down. Again she relaxed her pee soaked little pussy and felt the first jet of hot pee escape. It was at this point that Soph stood up and anounced.

"Come on Jess lets get gone. I wanna cook tea soon!"

Jess panicked and attempted to stop the flow. Unfortunately for her, it wouldn't. The pee kept pouring out as she sat panicking as to what to do. She quickly tucked one leg up and began putting her boots back on, the whole time pee still pouring throug her panties and tights. If Soph turned around to look at her now she'd definitely have the perfect view right up her skirt at her glistening little pussy!

"You coming Jess?" Shouted Soph, who'd already started walking away. She looked back and as she did Jess instantly out-stretched her leg to drop her skirt down. She'd only managed to get one boot on and still needed to put on the other. Soph walked back over and Jess sat for a second until the last dribble of pee had finished leaking out of her pissy lips. Then began putting on her other boot.

The walk home was heavenly for Jess. Her own girlfriend hadn't noticed the fact she had basically peed her self in front of her 4 times, and once before they had left the house! She was feeling seriously naughty by this point.

Once home, Soph kicked her sneakers off and asked Jess if she'd give her soft feet a massage. Jess agreed and invited her to put her feet on her lap whilst they were sat on the sofa. She began massaging one of Sophs hot little feet and that's when she was caught! Soph had slid her other foot up between Jess' legs and pressed her soft bare toes against Jess' pussy.

"You're all wet Jess!" exlaimed Soph. "You've peed your self haven't you!!" She shouted teasingly.

"Maybe!" Replied Jess softly, gently nibbling Sophs delciate toes.

"When did you do that?!" Soph quized.

"Oh urm, Once before we left the house, once sat on the bench in the pub, once sat on the bench at the castle, once squatting as we were leaving the castle, and once sat on the grass in the park." Jess had decided to just reel off all the time she'd done it to wind Soph up.

"OMG!! You're such a dirty girl!! I can't believe I am going out with you!!" Soph was laughing as she was talking. "Seriously Jess your pussy must be so pissy and smelly! I can't belive you!"

"Mhhmmm" Muttered Jess as she gently sucked Sophs hot soft little toes. "You love me really" She said, as she gently licked Sophs beautiful soles. "You'd hate to be without me!"

"Damn right I would." Replied Soph as she gently started massaging Jess' pee soaked pussy again with her soft toes. "I'd have no one to kiss my little feet..... Or lick me clean if I ever have a pee accident!"

Jess giggled and lay back, enjoying the soft massaging she was getting from her girlfriends rather agile delicate foot.

*002*2019-04-13 17:36

{{5 minutes ago, Melificentfan said:

That was fantastic

}}

Thank you :)

*004*2019-04-13 19:25

{{1 hour ago, lhansen said:

Very nice. Love it when a hot little slut likes wetting her panties. The tease was perfect. Hanging out in peed panties also perfect.

}}

Thanks. Have a look at a load of my other stories with Jess and Soph in them

