Something's Strange About This Class

Author: Jimmy Olsen

*000*2016-03-13 14:01

I wrote this on the spur of the moment. I'll robably do some revision soon. Comments encouraged!

++++++++++++++++++++

I had a vague feeling that something wasn't right.

It was the high school I came to every weekday. It was a classroom I came to every Monday and Wednesday and every other Friday. It was nearing the end of class on Friday. I could see cars pulling into the parking lot out the window, driven by parents coming to pick up their kids.

At the front of the room was Miss Lassen, my usual teacher. She was speaking with her usual mixture of friendliness and sternness. She had been walking back and forth from her desk to the dry-erase board as she went over the lesson, as usual. At the moment she had stopped to look at me.

"Is something wrong, Levi?"

I was the second student in Row 2, so I was easy to spot from where she was standing. Rows 1 and 2 were all boys. On the other side of the divider were Rows 3 and 4, which were all girls. Miss Lassen could see everything from the front. No doubt she'd noticed me glancing around, looking confused.

I didn't know how to answer her question. It felt like something was wrong, but everything around me seemed like it should usually be. Inside I also felt like I should. I wasn't dizzy, sick, or anything like that. I had to pee, but that was to be expected.

"No," I finally said.

"Then please stop looking around and open your book to Page 46."

I looked at the table in front of my seat. There was an apricot-colored hard-bound textbook. I must have spent a lot of time looking at it, but it seemed strangely unfamiliar. "Potty Training for Boys and Girls," the cover read.

The teacher called on Ashley to read the next part of the text. I could only see her silhouette through the frosted glass between Row 2 and Row 3, but I heard her speak loudly and clearly like the model student she was.

"Before you pee in the toilet you need to get your clothes out of the way so you don't get them wet. First you pull your pants down. If you have a zipper you'll need to unzip it. Belts and overalls can make things tricky."

"We're going to stop there," Miss Lassen said. "I can see all of you followed the assignment and dressed appropriately. We'll discuss belts once you all know how to handle your pants." Then she called on Kyle, who had his hand raised.

"Can't we pee through our unzipped flies?"

"You're jumping ahead of the material, but, yes, boys can pee standing up. At this stage you'll all be sitting down. Once you can do that without any problems, we'll talk about other options. Levi, will you read from the second column of Page 47?"

I wished she hadn't called on me. I felt weird, like I didn't belong in this class, even though I knew I did. I paused absent-mindedly for a moment, then began reading.

"If you're wearing a belt you'll need to unbuckle it to pull your pants down. Before you even..."

"Levi," Miss Lassen said sharply. I stopped reading. "I instructed you to read from the second column of Page 47," she explained, "not the first."

There were some giggles from around the room. Why was I doing so badly? I was usually on task.

"Next you pull down your underpants," I read. "Now there's nothing to get in the way of your pee when it comes out."

"Thank you, Levi. The textbook doesn't mention this, but it's a good idea to keep your pants and underpants fairly high up on your legs. You don't want them touching the bathroom floor if you can help it. Now, I want everyone to follow these steps, but don't start peeing. If I hear any tinkling from your seat I'll take off points."

With those words said, all the students stood up from their toilets, lifted the lids (as we'd been taught earlier), pulled their pants and underpants down past their private parts, and sat down on their toilet seats.

I followed the directions too slowly. For some reason I felt like I shouldn't be doing this in class. My hands fumbled with uncertainty and my face burned with embarrassment.

"Are you having trouble, Levi?" Miss Lassen asked.

"No," I said as I unbuttoned my fly. She kept watching to make sure I did the rest correctly. I started to pull my tighty-whities down.

My heart raced. I didn't want to expose all this to my teacher and the rest of the class. I glanced around nervously. All the other boys had their pants and underpants down and were sitting on their toilets, and the silhouettes of the girls were doing the same. Some were looking at the books on the tables in front of them, some were looking at the board, and some were looking at Miss Lassen, but a lot of them were looking at me. I could tell I was blushing like crazy. Why did I have so much trouble with this? It was a natural part of my potty training class, and I was sure I'd done it before.

"We're not moving to the next step until everyone's following this step correctly," the teacher said impatiently,

I looked back down. With a hand on either side of my waistband, I inched my underwear down my legs. I looked so hairy down there. Small, too. I didn't want to show it all off. I had to, though. I'd hate to fail a class because I was too easily embarrassed. When my penis was fully exposed, I sat down on my toilet seat. I instantly folded my hands over my lap.

"Sit up straight," said the teacher. She was still focusing on me. "If you don't remember correct toilet posture, the board will help you," she said to the class. There was indeed a diagram on the dry-erase board showing front and side views of a stick figure seated on a toilet.

Miss Lassen went around looking at everyone's posture. She corrected a few students, using her hands to guide their bodies into the right position. This still felt inappropriate, but why would it be? How else would a teacher teach us to use the toilet?

It wasn't really fair for a girl to read the next part of the book, but the teacher called on Bettany, and she obeyed.

"A girl can just sit on the toilet and let go of her pee," the student began. "A boy has a penis. It has to point down into the toilet before he starts peeing. If you're a boy, you need to use your hand to point your penis down and hold it there until you're done peeing."

"Thank you, Bettany," the teacher said. "Usually you only need one finger to point your penis," she added.

Hearing Miss Lassen's voice say the word "penis" seemed oddly incongruous. She must say it all the time in this class, though. Why would it be unfamiliar to my ears?

"Now, I want all of you boys to put your penises in position," she continued. After waiting a moment, she asked, "Is everybody ready?"

There were no objections. My body was prepared, but I didn't feel ready. I didn't speak up, though.

"Now, class, begin peeing."

The room was filled with sounds of liquid hitting liquid as a dozen high school boys and a dozen high school girls emptied their bladders into their assigned toilets. Through the din, Miss Lassen could still notice I wasn't doing what I was told.

"Levi," didn't you come to class with a full bladder?"

"Yes, I did," I replied honestly. It was so full it felt pretty uncomfortable, but part of me wanted to keep it shut tightly.

"Then why aren't you peeing as instructed?"

I didn't know how to answer.

"You haven't been on task at all during class, but I can still give you a C in today's lesson if you start peeing right now."

I took a deep breath, let it out, and relaxed my body. It didn't work. I wanted to pee but something was holding me back.

"Levi, this is your last chance for a passing grade in this potty training lesson."

I took a deeper breath and tried to clear my mind of all the people around me and all the emptions inside me. This time it worked. I smiled as I felt the pee running through the inside of my penis and leaving my body.

I expected Miss Lassen to congratulate me, or at least acknowledge that I was peeing. Instead she just said my name.

"Levi. Levi. Levi! Wake up!"

I lifted my head from the table. The dream drained from my brain as the pee drained from my bladder.

Miss Lassen was standing next to me, like I thought, but a few things were different. I was in the same classroom, but it was empty except for me and the teacher. I must have slept through the final bell. I was in my last class of the week, like I thought. It wasn't potty training, of course. It was world history. I'd been up late the night before finishing the big essay. I remembered relaxing after that was safely turned in. I must have relaxed too much and dozed off.

A stab of embarrassment suddenly hit me. If this was world history and not potty training, and I was sitting on a regular chair and not a toilet, I shouldn't be peeing.

I was, though. A warm wet patch was spreading out from my crotch. With each second, more of my light grey jeans turned dark and shiny. I clamped my legs together and tried to turn off the flow. All that did was disturb the yellow puddle on my seat, making it spill onto the black and white tiles of the floor.

I looked up at Miss Lassen, expecting her to yell at me for doing something that should have been beneath any high school senior such as myself. In fact, it was beneath a kindergartner.

"Are you feeling all right?" she asked softly. It was the voice of true concern.

"Yes. It was just...a dream...I..."

"If you're not sick, I'm going to leave you alone for a moment while I get paper towels. Don't move around. You can dry off your pants and I'll bring the custodian in once you've left."

I was stunned. I didn't know what to say.

"Don't worry," she said with a friendly smile, "I won't tell them whose desk they're cleaning."

"I'm sorry," I said. "I mean, I am really sorry I did that!"

"It happens," she said with a shrug. Then she went on her way, closing the door behind her so no one in the hall could see my humiliating accident.

I'll always be grateful for how Miss Lassen handled my mishap that day. Best teacher in the school!

*005*2016-03-18 10:21

{{: 

For being spur of the moment this is really well written. I really enjoy these kinds of stories in particular, but the way this story is written and situation make it even more amazing. A follow up with Levi and other students being taught how to pee standing up (at tree, urinal, toilet, etc.) would be really appreciated! :3

}}

Thanks, everybody! This was a weird story and I wasn't sure if anybody'd like it. I currently have no plans for continuation. It would be sort of difficult writing a sequel to a dream sequence.

{{: 

Excellent times :) I'm always super excited to see you have a new story up!

}}

