Tea time

Author: johnah

*000*2020-02-15 02:20

The doors hissed and thudded together. It was a local train and I was headed out of the city to a town 10 miles or so away. As the train crossed the river and passed through a mix of industrial buildings, I checked google maps again and calculated that the cafe was a 12 minute walk from the station. I was excited and nervous at the same time. We had been online friends for months and conversation was always easy not only due to our mutual omo interests but because there was a general ease when we talked.

The nerves were due to the fact that was not only our first face to face meeting, there was going to be an element of public play. We both enjoyed holding but Julie also liked to control. I was more than happy to assume the sub role and had found myself on the verge of wetting myself on several occasions during our online mutual desperation play sessions. As we planned for our first meeting, Julie had become noticeably more domineering. The choice of venue was hers and she had furnished me with a specific list of instructions. Firstly my outfit. A pair of faded 501's, not tight but snug in the right places with a broad leather belt.

A pair of pale blue trunks which I had bought in the Canaries that Julie had caused me to leak into the week before, white tee shirt and a leather jacket. I was to take the 1.15 train from the city centre and head to a cafe a short walk from the destination where Julie would meet me. There had been no mention of holding before our meeting so I had drunk normally and used the bathroom a couple of times. The train stopped for the third time. Two more stops before mine. It may have been nerves but I thought I should use the toilet. I glanced down the carriage and spotted the sign.

I waited until the fresh passengers were seated and the doors were closing before I stood to make my way down the aisle. Just as I stood up I felt my phone vibrate as a text came in. It was from Julie 'where are you now?'. I sat back down as I texted back. I could see by the three dashes below my message that she was replying. 'OK. See you soon' more animated dashes followed by 'No toilet' . How the hell did she know that's where I was headed? I suddenly thought that she may be on the train somewhere watching me before laughing at my own vivid imagination. It was only a precautionary piss anyway! I felt my cock stiffen slightly. It had started. After a couple more stops my station was next on the illuminated sign. Another vibration. 'Meet you inside. If you get there first, order us both tea'.

The train slowed to a stop and I disembarked at a small commuter station and made my way out and onto the high street. About halfway along the street a text 'Get a booth at the back'. I walked into an old style tea room cafe bang on 2.00pm. I headed towards the rear of the L shaped cafe and found an empty table in a kind of booth that came up to about shoulder height when you are seated. There was no sign of Julie as the waitress approached. "A pot of tea for two please?" I gestured across the table and felt that I needed to add "I'm expecting a friend".

As I waited I checked out the decor. It was like a time warp with cream painted embossed wallpaper and gold framed prints of the old town. The waitress brought the tea things and laid everything out. I sat there for a couple of minutes not knowing wether I should wait when the phone went 'I've been held up. Did you get the tea?'. I told her yes, just. 'Drink all of it'. I texted back yes and looked at the pot trying to calculate how much tea it contained. 4, 5 cups maybe more? Must be well over a pint at any rate. I poured myself a cup and added milk. I am a coffee drinker and rarely touch the tea and Julie knew that. It was actually a nice cuppa and as I drank I realised that I was actually quite thirsty.

As I drained my cup, I popped the lid on the pot. It still looked almost full. 'Fuck. How much do these things hold?'. I poured out a second cup and the splashing Amber liquid made me wish I had got the chance for my piss on the train as I was feeling a definite tingle down there. Another text 'On my way. Drink up!'

*001*2020-02-15 03:18

The next 20 minutes felt like an hour as I downed cup after cup of tea. The ache in my bladder was a gnawing need by now. The booth was ideally placed with a view of the single unisex toilet and, as I worked on my fifth and final cup of tea a youngish man headed to the toilet and closed the door behind him quickly. Knowing that he was about to get the relief I was starting to need quite badly made me reach under the table and give myself a comforting squeeze. "No touching naughty" I looked up and Julie was standing at the end of the booth. I quickly removed my hand and stammered "h hi. You made it".

She smiled broadly and slid into the bench seat opposite. As she fussed with her coat and bag she asked "how have you been? Keeping busy?" Before I could reply she picked up the lid from the teapot and, peering inside, frowned "you didn't save any for me? Greedy" I was literally lost for words "I er..." She beamed at me again "no problem sweetie. I'll get us some more". I felt my cheeks flush and I actually blushed. This was starting to feel like a different dynamic because, underneath all the smiles and chat and friendly talk of tea, I was trapped in a booth with a rapidly filling bladder, more tea on the way and I was going nowhere without the permission of the gorgeous smiling woman opposite.

*004*2020-02-19 16:42

Julie finally got herself organised as the waitress approached. "I think we'll have tea please. Yes, tea for two, oh and large bottle of still water. I'm quite thirsty!". The waitress cleared the empty tea things away and Julie started to tell me about her week at work and all about the renovations she was having done to her house. I listened intently as Julie went on about her granite worktops and mixer taps all the while gently pressing my thighs together under the table as my kidneys processed the tea and pumped a constant stream of pee into my bladder.

The waitress reappeared with a tray and as she started placing items on the table I reached under the table with one hand and gave my dick a long squeeze. I looked up to see Julie staring right at me tight lipped and she shook her head subtly. I quickly pulled my hand away and put it back on the table. I fiddled with a napkin as my dick twitched in complaint at the comforting grip having been cruelly snatched away.

Julie poured water into both of our glasses and offered hers towards mine in a cheering motion. "Down the hatch!". Julie took a long swig from the glass and nodded towards me to do the same. I swallowed a couple of mouthfuls and was about to place the glass back down when Julie said "let's finish these and make a start on the tea. I'm dying for a cup!". We both drained our glasses with my knees jiggling under the table. I slammed the empty glass back down as a wave of desperation hit me. I bent forward with my thighs clamped together and gritted my teeth as I waited for the sharp urge to pass.

While I struggled to regain composure, Julie poured our tea. At that moment, the chef came out from the kitchen and pushed open the toilet door. Julie saw the look on my face as I felt another painful spasm from my bladder and grinned at me. "Well that's enough about my stuff. How are you?". 'Apart from being on the verge of pissing myself, fine!' I thought. "Oh not too bad. Busy at work this week..." the wave of desperation was starting to ease and I relaxed a little and allowed myself to enjoy the attention from my controller. "Working on a big social media campaign with a tight deadline but I'm enjoying creating the artwork". Julie was listening closely with he teacup raised to lips, constantly sipping. She shifted slightly as if she was crossing her legs under the table. As I babbled on about work I felt a different sensation from between my legs as it occurred to me that Julie may also have been holding for some time.

