Amber's New Home

Author: jacob8998

*000*2025-06-15 21:51

Chapter One: Amber's New Home

28th September 2008

The dark clouds hanging above the freeway of I-76 perfectly encapsulated the evening it'd had been for Amber's move to her new apartment, at the age of 25 Amber Hadley finally has a steady job of being made a manager at a new store opening in the city of Haydenville, MI. The morning started perfectly for Amber as she spilled her coffee all over her new clothes and then missed the bathroom on her rush to leave her old residence and finish packing her car. Excited to leave her weed smelling and musky old apartment in the sticks, Amber's 1992 Honda Accord rumbled on into the morning sun. Amber's car was still going quite decent the age was starting to show in the cloth interior being quite worn and random stains from spilled drinks scattered over the interior. Amber's auburn colored hair and descended to her shoulders in her blue t-shirt and white spandex running shorts.

"Of fucking course I get caught in a traffic jam, lucky me" Amber mutters to herself.

As she sat for a few minutes, the radio broadcasted some tunes that Amber could barely hear for herself due to the radio being faulty, Amber grabs her phone, an Iphone 3G, and saw she had a few messages from her new roommate Katie Henderson.

"Looking forward to meeting you!" Katie's message read.

As Amber settled back into her seat, a need she'd been dreading began surfacing quite heavily, Amber's bladder had been full since her escapade this morning and she was feeling the aftermath of the coffee hit her like a truck. Another twenty minutes pass and Amber shifts a few times in her seat to try and find a more comfortable position to relax her legs and breathing. Finally, some cars began to move along the roadway, but the rain was starting to pick up which meant Amber has to focus much more closely to her driving. As Amber was carefully maneuvering among the tightly condensed traffic, she felt her urge becoming quite stronger, which was giving Amber quite a lot of worry as the amount of rest stops between here and her apartment were few to none. Traffic was still slow so Amber tries to relax herself a bit and shift in her seat to find a more comfortable position once again, the movement helped somewhat at the moment.

As the traffic began to speed up gradually to normal highway speeds, Amber felt some relief as she picked up her own speed and continue down the winding bends and long straights. Soon she comes to an exit to the highway I-88, for about twenty miles to her last exit and then the apartment. As Amber was ten miles from the exit her bladder was starting to endure some pain from the hours of holding. Amber tightened her legs together as she leaned back in her seat, soon a truck driving recklessly tries to force its way and enter her lane, causing Amber to honk and go onto the rumble strips for a few moments before getting back on.

"You mother fucker" Amberr mutters to herself.

Amber speeds up way ahead of the semi to avoid another incident and settles in a few more cars ahead, the ordeal caused Amber's bladder to slightly tense more and add more pressure to her already overburden load. More rain began pelting the car, hitting the roof and the sound of the rain was quite harsh on Amber's ears and her mental state, the splashes of puddles from other driver's also gave Amber some tension in bladder. The exit finally came into sight and Amber took the long spiraling curve exit that caused her more tightness. Soon Amber's bladder was starting to be on the point of bursting.

"Come on I can make it" Amber says putting a hand onto her crotch.

As Amber drove one handed, she shifted in her seat as more pain began to surface from the amount of holding Amber had already done as Amber was only ten miles away she felt like she had a good chance of making it. Then a cramp seizes Amber's abdomen as she clenches hard, Amber's holding has always had a breaking point, she was well past that point and was full on bursting.

"No, come on, almost there" Amber says to herself

The concern soon grew as five miles soon remained; however, Amber felt her pain become worse, soon Amber was debating in her head if she should just let go inside her car and just let herself be relieved. However, Amber still liked her car and didn't want to sit in a puddle of urine the whole final leg of the drive, Amber felt another feeling of pain hit her as her pee was trying to force its way out, her bladder signaling her desperately. Finally after what felt like an eternity Amber finally reached the last exit before her apartment, she made it off the highway and managed to move her car onto the last two intersections before her apartment. As Amber came to the first red light, she was bouncing high in her seat and holding her crotch and sitting back in her seat. Soon the light changed to green and Amber floored it through the light and came to the second light right as it turned red due to a car stopping on a fresh yellow.

"Of course" Amber snorts weakly

Amber sits for what feels like twenty minutes, as the first jet of urine slips from her and wets her underwear..

"Shit, I just got this pair" Amber

Soon a second and third jet shot and now even her shorts felt, Amber than feels a rush as a fourth and longer jet of pee creates a dark spot on the crotch of her white shorts and a little go on her seat, making a spot.

"Dammit, please not in my car" Amber whines

Soon the light turns green and the car finally moves and Amber desperately drives behind half-tempted not to run it off the road, soon Amber turns into the parking garage of her apartment and puts her new ID into the gate and the gate lifts letting Amber into the garage. Soon as Amber drives to the fifth level, a larger spurt comes shooting out and freshens the spot on her shorts and dampens her seat some more. Amber finally pulls her car into the lot and struggles to exit it, she opens her door and lifts herself up peeing some more as urine splatters down her legs and some onto her seat.

"Fuck, fuck, fuck" Amber

Amber fully exits her car and just lets go, soon a cascade of urine trickles and than floods down her legs as it puddles on the floor of the parking garage and Amber leans back on her car feeling the most relief she's ever felt in a long time. As Amber reaches into the passenger seat, she grabs her sweatshirt and puts it around her waist to hide the physical evidence hoping to get inside and change. As Amber walked to the elevator, she spots a nice looking brand new Sleek jet-Black Volvo S80 T6 sitting in a spot right behind Amber, Amber takes a moment and looks over the sleek and new looking luxurious sedan and peeks into the interior, the interior looked amazing as well, the fresh and plushy looking bright beige leather seats looked amazing and spotless.

"Woah, fancy" Amber silently says to herself

As Amber walks away from the car she continues to admire it and into the elevator she went, she thought about getting a new car with her savings being quite solid, but her Honda served her well and was quite decent so she didn't see the need. As the elevator came to a stop, she exits and looks for room 3A, Amber walks into the hallway and soon finds her room. The nerves were once again filling Amber's mind as she's about to meet her new roommate in her new apartment, and she soon puts her key into the lock and opens the door, as Amber settles her bag on the entryway floor of the empty apartment, out from the small kitchenette stepped Katie.

"Hey you must be Amber, nice to meet you!!" Katie Henderson

Katie gleaming blonde hair shined in the bright room and Katie's frame appeared whose quite athletic, her hair is quite long and she seems pretty friendly.

"Hi, I'm Amber nice to finally meet you" Amber says joyfully

The pair shake hands and soon an awkward silence falls, which Katie breaks.

"Well your room is the one on the right of the hallway there and I've taken the one right across." Katie states

"Nice, I'll get settled in and I need to change, long drive" Amber says but doesn't exaggerate on.

"Sweet, hey would you like to go out for a bite to eat and get to know each other?" Katie asks

"Yeah sure I'd love too" Amber says back

"Sweet since you drove this morning we can take my brand new car," Katie says waving a Volvo Fob

Amber had a sense of excitement of learning the new Volvo S80 was Katie's car.

"Nice, I saw it, it looked amazing" Amber

"Alright, just be ready at 6pm" Katie

"You got it" Amber states

As Amber enters her room, she changes out of her shorts and goes to take a shower, as Amber remembered she'll have to clean her car seat as some urine got on it, Ambered also remembered another part of that plight she seemed to get a thrill and enjoyment from almost going fully in her car.

*001*2025-06-22 22:16

Chapter Two: Amber's New Friend

Setpember 28th, 2008

6:00pm

The bustling time of 6pm finally arrived as Amber came out of her bedroom wearing a nice pair of sweatpants and a maroon long sleeve shirt, the time had flown as Amber thought back to how close she was at peeing inside her car. She felt a bit nervy as it harkened back to a previous incident the year before on her college grad school trip to Spain where she peed five times inside an expensive rental car that cost her a good portion of her travel grant. Thankfully nobody ever found out besides her best friend Madison as a nice little cocktail party story for the pair. As Amber recollected the feeling, they felt thrilling and oddly fun more so than embarrassing, Amber than thought about Katie's Volvo and how nice the car seemed. Amber than quickly put the thought out of her mind of doing anything of the sort as the pair are basically strangers and even a small toot would make Amber regret her life indefinitely.

Amber walked out to the parking garage on her own to await Katie by the Volvo, and as Amber waited she admired the car some more, she quite liked the look of the model and the paint job, the rental car she was in was also quite nice.

"You ready?" Katie asks as she walks over to Amber

"Yes, were are we going?" Amber Questions

"There's this nice little restaurant called Gerry's Wine and Bust, the food is pretty good and the drinks are quite nice for a small little Restuarant" Katie explains.

"Been there a lot huh?" Amber asks

"Yes, I had this nice T-bone steak there one time and the food just made everything in my body feel amazing and I was full, plus I ended up getting a nice chocolate cake slice desert and mmmmmmm" Katie exaggerates with her last line.

"Well, lets get going than" Amber says sounding excited.

Unlocking the sedan, Amber opens her door and climbs in, settling comfortably onto the plushy leather seats and feeling the suppleness and contortions of the seat made her feel quite comfortable.

"Holy shit, this seat feels amazing" Amber exclaims as she lets her head hit the headrest.

"How do think I felt when I sat on it for the first time?" Katie says relaxing in her seat.

Turning the car on and the heated seats Katie pulled the sedan out of the parking garage and through the gate making good time and showing some nice driving in the small time frame. Amber relaxed as she looked over the cities skylines and admiring the view as the twilight hours of the day were hitting, as they came to the first red light, Amber started to feel some bladder signals, Amber than realizes she forgot to use the bathroom before leaving, but it's only a fifteen-minute drive in city traffic.

"So what's your story?" Amber asks Katie

"Well, so um I actually am a novelist in my off time and the full-time job I work for a research company, the name is Martindale Research and Technological innovations, I manage one of the head departments." Katie mentions quite excited sounding.

"whoa" Amber exclaims

"Yeah, I've managed myself quite well, I was kicked out of my home during college and I was financially cut off so I've had to work pretty hard" Katie explains

"Oh I'm sorry to hear about that, but glad you found an amazing job you fucking go" Amber says.

"Thanks what about you?" Katie.

Ignoring her bladders increasing warnings, Amber answers

"I'm a manager at the Sam's Expert Coffee Cafe" Amber says sounding disappointed.

"Okay, that sounds nice though, from what I've heard it's a pretty heavy trafficked coffee shop but they're in bad shape the previous manager was a piece of work" Katie

"Yeah?" Amber asks

"We'll the last time I was there, a customer got in the barista's face because apparently they forgot whipped cream on his drink and he throws at her, he missed but the manager came running and demanded the barista apologize to the customer for making him upset." Katie

"Wow, where the police called?" Amber

"Yes, the barista, she made the manager show the cops the footage and he was escorted from the premises, after that she throws her apron down and just leaves, the whole team left and the manager had to close for the day" Katie

"Well, looks I have a lot to fix" Amber.

The pair soon arrive at the restaurant and Katie parks the car, Amber's bladder is now feeling quite a bit full as she stepped out of the car and gathered herself for a moment. The pair soon enter the quaint little restaurant and are seated pretty quickly by one of the waiters, after they order their drinks and food, they banter on their interests.

"So what's your interests and hobbies?" Katie

"So I love soccer, I don't really have a favorite team but I do play quite a bit on my own just to clear my head some days, also I love running, I did a few marathons last year and a ton of 5k races." Amber replies

"Nice, I love running as well, I hate races though, so I will not run those, but a nice trail run and were golden" Katie says smiling

As the pair continued to talk, Amber's bladder was beginning to worsen, and after having a full glass of water she was starting to feel a bit over burdened from the hold. Soon she looks around for a bathroom and sees them, but there's a sign that says they're closed, Amber silently groans and continues on with dinner, their meal go by quick and they have a nice desert while Amber started to kind of struggle. Soon after they finished, the bill was paid for and split between the pair as they departed their table and headed for the door. Amber's need was now edging on bursting and she was subtly crossing her legs as the pair walked out of the restaurant. Katie didn't seem to notice as the pair walked to the car, but Amber stumbles slightly and crosses her legs keying Katie in.

"You Okay?" Katie asks

Amber regains her composure and smiles back at her new friend and says...

"Yeah, I'm good" Amber

They walk to the car and Katie unlocks the S80 and the pair enter the light of the car making the beige leather seats feel quite cozy and inviting, after starting the car Katie drives them back towards the apartment. Soon they come into some dense city traffic as Amber crosses her legs tightly, Katie looks over and notices the comfortless feelings Amber was experiencing.

"If we're going to be good roommates we should probably be honest" Katie says

"I feel like I really need to pee" Amber

"That's an understatement" Katie

"Oh fuck" A spasm hits Amber as she crosses tighter and starts holding herself

"You good?" Katie asks kindly

"Yes" Amber

Ten minutes pass and traffic finally moves, the apartment comes into view soon but they hit another jam...

"shit shit shit," Amber stammers

"Amber we're a five minute walk out, do you think you can make it if you run, cause I really don't want my new leather seats being peed on, or any of my new car if possible" Katie asks

"Maybe, but I don't know" Amber looks over.

"Can you make it?" Katie

"I don't" Amber says half heartedly

"Can you???!!" Katie

"Don't push me or I will pee on this seat" Amber answers at Katie's slight over exertion.

A few minutes pass and Katie's floors into the parking garage and parks the Volvo, soon Katie launches herself from the car and just lets go right next to Katie's car. A wet patch forms on the crotch of Amber's grey sweatpants and long streaks form quickly, soon a large puddle forms as urine nails the concrete making loud splatters noises.

"Amber?" Katie

"You good?" Katie

"Better, sorry for threatening to pee in your car" Amber

"No problem, I shouldn't have pushed you" Katie

"Here lets get you cleaned up before anyone sees" Katie says.

"Thanks, I appreciate it" Amber says back.

