Padme: A Star Wars Story (messing version)

Author: JamesK

*000*2025-08-08 11:25

This thread, as the title suggests, is for chapters to my Padme Star Wars stories that include messing. I decided to make it a separate entry so that people who aren’t fans of messing can still enjoy the wetting only version, and so that I can apply the messing tag to these chapters.

$/112720-padme-a-star-wars-story/

Immediately after Poggle sentenced Anakin and Padme, they were escorted away. They were led to an open top Geonosian chariot that was pulled by some four legged creature Padme was unfamiliar with. The pair had their hands bound in front of them in metal handcuffs, making boarding the cart awkward. Padme’s eyes darted around looking for an escape. She had an emergency pin in the lining of her belt that she thought could be used to pick the handcuffs, but it would be useless while they were surrounded by guards. Padme looked to Anakin, hoping to see him formulating a plan. Anakin however, had his eyes closed.

Padme supposed he was meditating; reaching out with the Force to search for any way out. The cart began to move down a long and narrow tunnel, and Padme concluded that as neither she nor Anakin had discovered an escape, one was not possible at the moment. Watchful guards flew close by, and there was nowhere to escape to. Anakin remained in meditation as the minutes ticked by, and Padme grew uncomfortable. Not from Anakin’s silence, as she knew he was searching the Force for any possible escape. But from the fact that another bodily need was growing; she had fully emptied her bladder into her pants and boots, but her bowels were now also in need of relief.

Padme shifted in place, looking for something to distract herself with. Nothing in the transport stood out to her, and the uncomfortable weight in her abdomen was growing. The utter reality of her situation seemed to suddenly hit her.

They were bound for execution, and there was no escape. The pair were important to the Republic; a senator and a Jedi, two representatives of the galaxy spanning government. Palpatine would not take this sitting down. The senate would demand an armed response, and the war Padme had been so determined to avoid would come to pass. Padme’s bowels twinged violently at the thought, and Padme involuntarily farted.

Padme’s head whipped to look at Anakin, blushing furiously. Had he heard her fart? As she looked at him, he didn’t seem to react. His face was passive, unmoving. He was still deep in meditation, possibly hoping for some sort of Force vision to guide them to safety. Anakin was unlike anyone Padme had ever met before. She had grown up around politicians and soldiers, people who were utterly devoted either to their duty or to themselves. She herself had been utterly devoted to her homeworld, serving first as queen and now as senator. But Anakin was devoted to people.

Padme realized now that that was what set him apart. While other Jedi stifled their love to serve the galaxy as a whole, it seemed Anakin allowed himself to fully feel his love. He would do anything for those he loved. All the excuses, every reason Padme had told herself that they couldn’t be together fell by the wayside. They were going to die. And she didn’t want to die denying the love she felt deep within her.

A forceful cramp broke Padme from her reverie, a different type of feeling deep within her. She couldn’t help but fart once more, though the passing gas did little to relieve the mountainous pressure in her behind. Padme could only take the slightest bit of comfort in that the chariot was open topped, preventing the smell from lingering. Her face shined bright red, and she glanced at Anakin again. He remained passive, seemingly unaware of her predicament.

A light appeared at the end of the tunnel, ironically indicating the light of their lives was soon to be snuffed out. The cart came to a halt just short of the exit, and Padme could hear the buzz of a massive crowd outside. She steeled herself; fear had no place here. She would die upright, defiantly facing whatever cruel spectacle the separatists had planned.

Anakin finally opened his eyes. Padme looked at him and prepared herself to say what she had been yearning to say since he had first returned to her life.

“Don't be afraid,” Anakin said, looking at her. He seemed to be trying to exude calmness.

“I'm not afraid to die,” Padme said simply.

“I've been dying a little bit each day since you came back into my life.”

“What are you talking about?” Anakin asked.

“I love you.”

“You love me?” A wild happiness glinted in Anakin’s eyes for a moment before he said

“I thought we decided not to fall in love. That we would be forced to live a lie. That it would destroy our lives...”

“I think our lives are about to be destroyed anyway. I truly, deeply love you, and before we die I want you to know,” Padme declared firmly.

She leaned in for a kiss, which Anakin passionately returned. The cart began to move once again. The pair broke off their kiss just as the cart pulled them into the dazzling sunlight of a massive open arena filled with thousands of cheering Geonosians.

Padme’s need to poop seemed to intensify, and it took all of her willpower to clench hard enough to prevent herself from filling her pants on the spot. She was prairie dogging, but she managed to force the poop to halt in its tracks. As she regained a modicum of control over her bowels, she took in the sights of the arena. Surely there was something that could be used to her advantage.

On one side of the arena was a central spectator balcony, occupied by Poggle the Lesser, Count Dooku, and the other Separatist leaders. There were four tall pillars on the other side of the arena; Obi-Wan stood chained to the rightmost pillar. He gaped at Anakin and Padme as the cart approached, and Padme thought briefly how absurd the situation was from his point of view. The last he had known, Anakin had been given orders to maintain a low profile keeping Padme safe on her own peaceful homeworld. And now he sees the pair of them bound in chains, (Padme wearing clearly urine stained pants) and sentenced to death on a hostile planet.

Padme once again felt a sharp cramp and clenched as hard as she could. Against all efforts, she felt her poop beginning to touch the fabric of her underwear. The Geonosians motioned for her and Anakin to disembark, and as Padme stepped off the cart she had to double over against the mess trying to force itself out into her pants.

Doubling over was involuntary, but Padme used the motion as cover to surreptitiously remove the thin pin from her belt and slipped it into her mouth. She bit down to secure the pin in place, and the Geonosian guard at her side seemed none the wiser. He simply pushed her against the pillar and forced her now empty hands above her head as he connected a long chain from her handcuffs to the very top of the pillar. Anakin and Obi-Wan were discussing their current situation, but Padme could think only of her hopefully imminent escape from these chains or her poop’s certainly imminent escape from her body.

As the Geonosian secured Padme’s chain, Padme’s bowels began their final push. There was no avoiding it, no relief to be found elsewhere. Padme’s knees buckled, only her chained hands keeping her upright as her poop moved past her defeated buttcheeks to fill her underwear. Her solid load tented the back of her pants outward before drooping down between her legs.

It was one long piece, and it stopped halfway out of her body. Padme was mortified at the feeling of warm poop between her ass cheeks, but there was still more inside her. Padme gave in to her body’s demands and allowed the log slide into her pants with no resistance. Since her pants were obviously past the point of saving, she wanted to at least enjoy complete relief. The log continued inching its way into her panties before it finally broke off, leaving a bulge the size two fists in the seat of her pants. Still unsatisfied, Padme pushed the rest of her load out, and the broken poop struggled against the mess already in her pants before emerging fully into her panties and nestling against her shapely ass.

Red faced and panting, Padme felt like she was ten pounds lighter. Her pants felt ten pounds heavier. Humiliating though it was to utterly crap her pants in front of thousands of spectators, Padme was now at least able to focus entirely on the dire situation at hand. Poggle the Lesser announced in his strange language “Let the executions begin!”

Gateways on the opposite wall from the pillars opened, and three vicious creatures emerged from separate tunnels: an acklay, a reek, and a nexu. The Geonosian handlers guided the creatures toward their prey.

Padme decided that right now was her best chance. The pin in her mouth was her only hope. She brought her handcuffs to her mouth and started to pick the locking mechanism. The smell of her accident reached her nose, and she had to fight not to spit the pin out. After a few moments, she managed to free her right hand. Her left hand Padme left chained to help with the next and only step in her plan: climb the pillar.

She leaned back as far as she could until all her weight was supported by the chain and she put her left foot on the pillar. The mess in her pants squished against her butt as she climbed, but it was the last thing she was worried about by now. The creatures had split up, the acklay approaching Obi-Wan, the reek approaching Anakin, and the nexu approaching Padme.

Padme summited the pillar and coiled the wrist end of the chain in her hands. Now she had a weapon. She settled into a crouch, ignoring the heavy weight in her underwear. The nexu wasted no time in attempting to climb after Padme, its sharp claws making the climb much easier for it than it was for her. But Padme made the it difficult for the creature in other ways, namely by swinging the heavy chain directly at its face. The nexu snarled as the chain made contact with its face, and it slashed at Padme’s back with its deadly claws.

Padme yelled out in pain as the claws cut into her back, but the cuts were shallow. The nexu had overextended itself in trying to reach her and it slipped to the ground. The catlike creature landed on its feet and glared hungrily at the senator. It started to climb the stone pillar once again, and Padme had an idea.

She braced herself and jumped off the column, using the chain to swing her entire body weight into a kick at the climbing creature. The kick connected, and the nexu was sent sprawling to the ground. The maneuver had left Padme dangling from the chain that was still connected at her wrist, and she climbed back to the top of the pillar. She stared down at the creature on the ground, which looked disoriented from its fall. Lifting her gaze farther, Padme saw how Anakin and Obi-Wan were faring against their own beasts.

Both Jedi had broken free of their chains, but were still handcuffed. Anakin had mounted the reek, using his chain as an improvised rein to control the beast. Obi-Wan was fighting the acklay on foot, stabbing at it with a spear Padme guessed he had stolen from a dead Geonosian on the ground near him. Padme started to pick her other handcuff, hoping to have both hands free so she could escape.

As soon as her hand was free, she looked down at the nexu. It had backed away from the pillar, glaring up at her and looking like it was about to pounce. Just before it could, the reek Anakin was riding barreled into its side with its horns, taking it out of commission. Anakin called out to Padme.

“Jump!”

Padme hesitated for only the briefest of moments despite the long fall. She jumped, and though Anakin didn’t move his hands Padme felt an invisible force slowing her fall. She still landed hard on the reek’s back and grimaced at the feeling of the poop in her pants flattening against her bottom. She quickly pushed the feeling away from her mind, and gave Anakin a very grateful kiss on the cheek.

“Hyah!” Anakin urged the Reek forward, turning towards Obi-Wan. Obi-Wan had just thrown his spear at the acklay, catching it in the shoulder. As it turned its head to remove the spear Obi-Wan ran to meet Anakin. He jumped on the back of the reek behind Padme, and Anakin urged the reek away.

Padme now felt almost safe enough to feel embarrassed. Obi-Wan’s position put him right against her back, and she was certain he could see and smell the load in her pants. Her pants were tight enough that she felt there was definitely an obvious bulge, even after flattening it on the reek’s back.

Anakin directed the reek towards one of the open tunnels only to see seven destroyer droids roll up to surround them. Fourteen twin blasters aimed at the three of them, and there was nowhere to run. Anakin stopped, looking at the droids for openings. Padme searched too, and looked up at the balcony where the Separatist leaders were spectating. What she saw shocked her; a purple blade of light had sparked into existence on the balcony. All around the arena, blue and green beams sprang into existence as beings emerged from the crowd, lightsabers in hand. The Jedi had arrived to rescue them.

***

Jedi jumped into the arena, and battle droids poured out of the tunnels to meet them. The world was a blur of multicolored lasers as droids fired into the crowd of Jedi and lightsabers batted the bolts away. A Jedi threw Anakin and Obi-Wan new lightsabers and Anakin used his to free the pair from the handcuffs. The arena became a swarm of Jedi and droids as the droids advanced, an endless wave of death machines.

A blast from a cannon threw the reek off-balance, throwing Anakin, Obi-Wan and Padme to the ground. Padme saw a droid blaster close by and crawled to pick it up. She settled into a low crouch to avoid the blaster fire while she opened fire at the ever advancing wave of droids. A chariot like the one she and Anakin had been transported in was racing through the throng of combatants, and Padme took aim at the Geonosian drivers.

She shot both in quick succession then jumped on the creature pulling the cart. Sitting on yet another creature was among the last things she wanted to do with her pants in such a messy state, but it didn’t matter at this point. The chariot would make her a moving target, which was the safest she could do given the complete lack of cover on the battlefield. Anakin jumped onto the chariot to guard her back and they raced through the arena like that, destroying droids by the dozen.

After a few moments of fighting like that, the creature drawing the chariot was shot. Padme was thrown forward by her momentum and the chariot fell onto its side. As Padme scrambled to her feet she realized that the cart actually provided decent cover on its side like that and she ducked into it. Anakin stood on her left, deflecting laser bolts as Padme continued to gun down droids and Geonosian warriors from the cover of the chariot.

“You call this a diplomatic solution?” Anakin bantered as he aimed a bolt into a droid’s torso.

“No, I call it aggressive negotiations,” Padme replied cheekily.

The brief moment of levity quickly passed as the waves of battle droids continued to press on them. All around them combatants were being overwhelmed, and Padme saw Jedi dying one after another. Anakin and Padme were forced to abandon their cover as the droids advanced, the pair backing away from the endless wall of enemies. They were forced into a circle of surviving Jedi until they were completely surrounded.

Almost as soon as Padme was certain that the Jedi would lose, the droids suddenly stopped firing. The peaceful senator surveyed the battlefield and felt a pit in her stomach as she took in the Jedi and Geonosian corpses that littered the ground. It was such a waste.

Now that the battle had ceased Padme’s adrenaline began to wane. As it did, she realized that her bladder was once again full. Padme had no real idea of how much time had passed since landing on Geonosis, but she knew it had to have been several hours since she had wet herself in the droid factory.

“Master Windu!” she heard Count Dooku calling from his balcony.

“You have fought gallantly. Worthy of recognition in the history archives of the Jedi Order. Now it is finished.”

Jedi stragglers who had not been forced into the circle by the battle were now being guided into the group at blasterpoint by Geonosians. Padme once again felt a pang of embarrassment over the mess in her pants; those Jedi closest to her could probably smell her accident. Her bladder, unnoticed mere minutes ago, was now aggressively nagging her. Padme banished both thoughts from her head, choosing instead to glare up at Dooku.

“Surrender - and your lives will be spared,” Dooku demanded.

“We will not be hostages for you to barter with, Dooku,” Mace Windu declared.

“Then, I'm sorry, old friend,” Count Dooku said. Padme wondered if it was at all sincere. The droid army once again took aim at the circle of Jedi. Anakin shifted his stance beside her to hold his lightsaber over his head, clearly intent on fighting to the bitter end.

At that moment, Padme heard a distant roar of engines. She looked up and saw a squadron of gunships racing towards the arena.

“Look!” she exclaimed.

The ships descended and blasted the front ranks of droid army apart. The droids’ targeting parameters changed, and their fire was split between the group of Jedi on the ground and the sudden swarm of gunships that had appeared. Padme returned fire on the droids while the Jedi around her created a weaving web of light that no shot could pass. The Republic crafts landed in a perimeter around the group, and Padme saw ranks of white-armored soldiers firing on the droids from within.

Anakin, Obi-Wan and Padme boarded one of the gunships which swiftly took flight. Padme looked around at the Republic Army invading Geonosis and felt a silent fury welling within her. The situation had changed, she had to acknowledge that. Count Dooku was clearly intent on war with the Republic. An army was now undeniably necessary. But where had it come from? Barely a week ago Padme had been on Coruscant to vote against the creation of an army that had clearly already been created. Was all her work in the Senate for nothing? Was war a forgone conclusion, such an ironclad certainty that the vote would have been mere lip service?

A powerful twinge from her bladder shook Padme from her thoughts. There would be time for answers later. For now, if she didn’t get to a toilet soon she might have a third accident in the same day.

“Trooper. Is there a refresher on board?” She asked one of the white armored soldiers.

“No ma’am,” he said. His voice shocked Padme; he sounded exactly like Jango Fett.

“We can take you to the Forward Operation Base if you’d like,” another trooper offered. This too shook Padme… his voice was also Fett’s.

“No.” Obi-Wan said sharply. “We need to prevent as many Separatist ships from leaving the planet as we can. Their forces are gathered here. Any ship that makes it to hyperspace will launch a full scale invasion of Republic planets.”

“I agree. We can’t afford to waste any time,” Padme said.

Her bladder ached at her own words, but she ignored it. She didn’t want to wet herself again, but given the condition of her pants already it was just about the farthest thing down her list of concerns. She started subtly bouncing on her heels, but immediately stopped as she felt the mess in her pants bouncing with her. The grounded Techno Union ships were coming into view far in front of the gunship.

“Aim right above the fuel cells!” Anakin ordered the pilot.

The pilot did as instructed, and the ship’s engines blasted apart.

“Good call my young padawan,” Obi-Wan said. He then saw Padme’s expression as she looked at all the soldiers. They were the same height, same build, same voice…

Obi-Wan explained “The army consists of clones of that bounty hunter Jango Fett. The Kaminoans have been growing them for ten years without the knowledge of the Council or the Senate.”

“Who ordered them? Who paid for them?” Padme demanded.

“A Jedi Master named-“ Obi-Wan was cut off by an explosion as a gunship left of them was shot down. They silently agreed that the there would be time for questions later.

The battle continued to rage on, and Padme’s bladder continued to cry for relief. Their ship circled the battlefield searching for the Separatist leaders, but Dooku in particular. If they could manage to capture him, they might be able to force him to surrender the droid army before it has a chance to invade the Republic.

“Look over there!” Obi-Wan pointed at a speeding hoverbike flanked by two Geonosian fighters.

Anakin glared at the bike for a moment. “It’s Dooku. Shoot him down!” Padme couldn’t make out the figure on the bike, but trusted Anakin’s intuition.

“We’re out of rockets sir,” the pilot said.

“Follow him!” Anakin replied.

“We're gonna need some help!” Padme said, recalling the duel on Naboo that had cost Qui-Gon his life. Her bladder twinged forcefully at the thought, and Padme barely managed to suppress a leak.

“There isn't time! Anakin and I can handle this!” Obi-Wan countered.

The two fighters flanking Dooku’s speeder broke off to get behind the Republic ship and open fire. The clone pilot descended to skim the ground, attempting to use the dunes for cover. One blast found its mark anyway, shaking the ship so violently that Padme and a clone trooper were thrown out onto the mercifully close sand. She tumbled down the hill, rolling front to back until she came to a stop face up at the bottom of the dune.

Padme struggled to breathe, let alone stand up. She felt warmth between her legs and realized that she was peeing herself again. The yellow stained fabric of her pants grew translucent as Padme wet them, the stain spreading across her ass this time. She didn’t even care to stop; just trying to stand back up hurt. Urine streamed off her legs into the sand where it pooled for only a few moments before seeping into the ground. Her pee stream tapered off after a few agonizing seconds, leaving her feeling utterly defeated.

The clone that had fallen out of the ship with her was now approaching.

“Are you alright?” he asked, ignoring her fresh accident.

“Uh-huh,” was all Padme could muster in response. She slowly got to her feet, wincing at the feeling of wet fabric rubbing against her skin and the sticky mess shifting against her butt.

“We'd better get back to the forward command centre,” the clone said.

“No,” Padme replied immediately. “No. Gather what troops you can. We've got to get to that hangar. Get a transport. Hurry!”

“Right away!” The clone answered. He rushed up to the top of the dune to get a clear signal, Padme on his heels.

At the apex of the dune, the clone brought his arm to his face and pressed a button on his bracer.

“This is CT-8347 on emergency frequency, does anyone read? I’m stranded with Senator Amidala and in need of immediate evac, does anyone read?”

“Republic Acclamator Liberator reads you Lima Cresh, what is your location?” a voice from the communicator responded.

“Coordinates are 16052002. We were following prime target Count Dooku when our LA-AT took a hit and the senator and I were thrown off. Requesting reinforcements to assist in neutralizing Dooku.”

Padme waited with bated breath. Anakin was in danger, every moment they delayed could be the difference between life and death.

“Copy 8347. Reinforcements are en route to your location. Stay put and we can lock onto your signal.”

Padme finally breathed a sigh of relief. On her inhale, she smelled the odor from her accident. She looked down and took in the absolute mess that was her outfit. Her top was torn from the Nexu attack, making it almost a crop top. Her pants were still very wet from her most recent wetting, and much of the dry portion was stained pale yellow from her factory accident. Padme ran a hand down the butt of her pants and felt the flattened lumpy bulge of her poop.

She caught sight of the clone trooper seemingly very determined to not look at her in her current state. “Trooper?”

“Yes, ma’am?”

Padme hesitated to ask the next question, embarrassment mounting within her now that they were out of immediate danger. Her cheeks were flushed red. “Do you have any… sanitary supplies on your tool belt?”

“We have field wipes for waste elimination.”

“Can I please use some to… clean myself? While we’re waiting for the ship?” Padme asked, growing even redder.

“Yes ma’am,” he said simply. He opened a pouch on his belt and pulled out a small package. Padme thanked him and accepted it, opening it to find a few dozen wet wipes inside. She gratefully cleaned herself while the clone determinedly watched the sky. There wasn’t really anything to do with the wipes but bury them in the sand. Her underwear was a total mess after all the squishing around from the animal riding, but she would have to get completely nude from the waist down to throw them away. Padme wouldn’t have time for that, so she resigned herself to cleaning the soiled clothes as best as she could. At the very least, the poop hadn’t stained through to the outside of her pants much.

Padme heard the roar of engines approaching and quickly pulled her soiled pants back up. She kicked sand over the pile of discarded wipes and stood next to the trooper as the gunship landed. She boarded immediately and directed the pilot toward Dooku’s hangar. As it came into view, she saw the wreckage of an exploded LA-AT on the ground.

“Hurry!” Padme urged the pilot. He came to a stop on the extended ramp and Padme disembarked with the clones. She saw an elegant ship exiting the hangar and knew it must be Dooku’s. She and the clones opened fire, but it was too little too late. Dooku had escaped. She looked into the large hangar and saw rubble littering the floor. A pillar had been knocked off its foundation and landed just behind-

“Anakin!” Padme exclaimed, running to meet him.

Her heart soared with joy as she saw him getting to his feet, then stopped in her chest. His right arm had been severed just below the elbow. She embraced him without reservation, not caring about Obi-Wan and Yoda’s presence. He was alright. And they could be together… whether the Jedi approved or not.

