The Desperate Drive

Author: JMatthews1995

*000*2019-03-18 21:07

I knocked this one up pretty quickly. I hope it's alright!

It was 16:30. Jade had been busy on boring training course all day. She'd had enough and she was super excited to get home. As she left the training room she headed for the toilets. She knew she had a 2 hour drive ahead of her and was sure it would be best to go first. She wanted to be quick as she knew how much of a nightmare it would be to get out of the busy car park if she left it any longer.

She hurried to the toilets on the ground floor. "Closed for Cleaning. Please use other facilities" read the sign stuck on the door. Jade pondered over the situation for all of 2 seconds and then hurried towards the car park. She knew if she didn't get a move on that she'd be trapped at the barriers for 25 minutes as car after slow car pulled out onto the main road. She dived into the car, buckled up, and ignored the slight twinge she felt in her bladder. There wasn't time for peeing right now, she'd just go at a services somewhere.

Jade joined the motorway quickly. It wasn't far from the training building to the main roads and she was happy to be making good time. She knew she had to pee, but she was confident that she'd easily make the next services. After all she would be able to grab a nice coffee as well!

The traffic was moving well. Too well. Jade was zooming up the fast lane when she saw the slip road off to the services. It was far too late! There was no way she'd be able to maneuver over in time without causing a massive crash. Her bladder once again made it's self noticed. This time a little more than previously.

"Next services - 28 miles" read the next sign.

"That's fine!! Only 25 minutes away! I can wait that long" Jade thought to her self. She turned the volume up on her music and carried on driving, totally ignoring the warnings her poor bladder was sending her.

Suddenly the brake lights on the car in front lit up. Jade had to slam her brakes on. The seat belt tightened suddenly around her waist. She whimpered and as she came to a stop suddenly realized how bad of a situation she was in. Bumper to bumper traffic as far as she could see. This was the last thing she needed with her bladder in the state that it was.

She turned the music back up and began to focus on her need. There was nothing else too think about whilst trapped in her car. Every little twinge was teasing her mind. She began to panic, her previous wetting still fresh in her mind. The traffic didn't move for at least 20 torturous minutes. The whole time nothing to focus on other than her bulging bladder. The traffic slowly started to move. The stop start made it impossible to clamp her legs tight together, she had to press the clutch. Ever time she had to lift her foot off the pedal, it spread her legs just slightly.

Another 15 minutes of traffic past. By now her bladder was seriously begging for relief. She hadn't peed for 6 hours now and 3 big coffees were firmly pressed against the inside of her pee hole, trying to escape.

Suddenly the traffic started moving. Instantly Jade got excited. Maybe she could make it to the next services! They were only 25 miles away and with the traffic speeding up quickly she would only have to last 20 or so minutes.

Every maneuver she performed was with sheer desperation to make it to the next services dry. She was driving much worse than normal and felt bad for people she was inconveniencing. At the same time she didn't care at all! She needed to get to those services fast! Gear change after gear change tormented her poor tingling pee hole. She unzipped the side of her skirt to release the pressure on her bladder but it hardly helped. What it did do was give her access to her private area. She gently slid her hand down the front of her skirt and gripped her self gently between her legs.

"Just 10 minutes to go! You can hold it Jade! You're a big girl!" she thought to her self as she squeezed her self tightly. Each gear change she had to remove her hand from down below, and each time she almost lost it. Her poor bladder begging for relief the whole time. Suddenly the car in front braked hard. Jade stamped on the brakes as well. Instantly the belt tightened hard around her waist and she felt her private area suddenly warm up!

"Noooooo! Noooooo!" She whimpered as a hot spurt sprayed into the inside of her tight panties. "Please noooo! Not again."

She had a choice to make now. Re hold her wet private area, and get her gear stick all wet with pee or resist and try not to totally soak her self in her nice leather car seats. She opted to hold and instantly slid her hand down the front of her wet panties and grabbed tight.

She looked up and saw the sign for the services. Just 2 miles to go! She had to make it. She couldn't ruin her lovely car! She felt her bladder spasm and grabbed her self tight again, her fingers hot and wet with pee. She felt a spurt leak out again! Things were getting serious. She had to contain her pee any way possible. She slid her hand down the front of her leggings and panties and pressed her fingers hard into her pissy pussy. It hurt to hold her self this way, but if it sealed her pee hole shut she would put up with anything!

Jade pulled off up the slip road to the services. She had a choice to make now. Try and make it into the services and risk being seen wetting her self by everyone, or park as far away as possible and hope to pop a squat behind the car. Jade being embarrassed about having a wet private area already chose to park as far away as possible.

She pulled into a space right at the back of the car park. She had to zip her skirt back up before getting out the car otherwise it would fall down. She slowly zipped up, the pressure building hard in her bladder. Her pussy released another leak! She had to get out now! She swung the door open and jumped out, fumbling to get her leggings down from under her leather skirt. It was difficult business. She looked around as she struggled and noticed a car coming towards her.

"No way are they parking up here! Please no!" Jade was seriously panicking. Her poor little pee hole was giving way and she had to do something fast. She quickly rushed around the back of the car and opened the boot. She leaned in to look as if she was getting something out. It was then that her poor worn out pee hole gave up it's impressive fight.

She felt her pussy warm up as her bladder began to empty it's self into her panties and leggings. She looked down and watched as the pee splashed down the inside of her legs from up her skirt.

"Noooo! Not again!" She whispered to her self as her ankle boots filled with the hot pee.

She finally finished about 45 seconds later. There was a huge puddle around her feet and her boots with totally full to the top with pee. What was she going to do?!

The other car finally moved from near by and Jade had to quickly formulate a plan. She slid one of her ankle boots off and her cute bare little toes were dripping with warm pee. She tilted it over and tipped all the pee out and then slid her soaked little foot back into it. She then did the same with the other. She removed her legging from under her skirt and put them into a plastic bag in the back of the car and then settled back into the drivers seat. The whole hour and 30 minute drive back her pissy panties clinged to her wet pussy and her poor little feet were all wet and warm in her ankle boots.

Joe

