Flight attendant mum has some bladder issues - Roadtrip with her son

Author: Jo_hannes

*000*2022-05-04 05^05

Sandra is a purser (chief flight attendant) at Lufthansa. At the age of 43, she has spent almost 15 years flying and serving passengers around the globe. Sandra's husband is a self-employed consultant and they have been married for 14 years. Their two sons are aged 19 and 13. After successfully finishing high school, it was now time to move out for her first-born. He has been admitted to study medicine at one of the oldest and most prestigious German universities. Only finding a flat was not that easy, especially if you do not have your own income yet. So mum had to help, especially with her husband's paycheck and her own experience in "apartment hunting".

As Sandra mostly flies long-haul, she is usually at work for several days in a row and then has several days off. On a sunny Thursday, Sandra, her oldest son Marc and one of Marc's friends drive in Sandra's Golf 7-series towards Marc's new hometown in the hope of finding a proper flat for him....

*004*2022-09-30 12:57

(By fetisher)

Hello,

Let me present my version of the story's continuation...

Like any flight attendant, Sandra is a tall slender lady. She always put a lot of efforts into her appearance and attracted men's eyes. On that day, she was wearing a straight, mid-thigh black skirt and kitten heel shoes. She was wearing a white blouse and jacket. Mark was proud of his mother's appearance. Many of his peers dreamed of looking like this 43-year-old woman. Mark's friend Ben was also attracted to Sandra's appearance. They known each other for a long time. Sandra is a woman with a modern mindset and youthful spirit. There was a good mood and friendly conversations in the car all the way. The journey was a little over three hours. Somewhere in the middle of the way they took a short coffee break at a gas station. The three of them took the high chairs by the bar.

Sandra sat facing the boys and crossed her long legs. Her skirt rose even higher and her elegant thighs were exposed a lot. Ben was not indifferent to this beautiful sight. He occasionally cast a distracted glance at the knees and thighs and the fine pantyhose in which they were shod. Sitting in the high chair with her legs crossed produced an elegant triangular gap, formed between Sandra's thighs and skirt. A slightly more careless movement and her underwear were exposed. Good upbringing and long friendship prevented Ben from peeking under Sandra’s skirt and he tried to look away and not get distracted. The coffee break was a convenient opportunity for them to visit the toilet. Two boys went there. When it was Sandra's turn, there was a line outside the ladies' room. She said that it wasn't urgent for her and she could postponed to the next stop. So, they headed to the car and continued their journey.

They had to travel nearly 2 hours until they reached the Marc’s new hometown. Not long after they left, Sandra began to feel the first signs of her filling bladder. She realized that she would have to find a toilet at some point. But it was still not urgent at all. She drove confidently on the highway. Тhe mood in the car was cheerful. Approaching the town, she asked the boys if they wanted another coffee break.

Both refused to stop. Mark even pointed out that time had advanced and asked Sandra to drive directly to the agency, where they had an appointment for several apartment viewings. Sandra was disappointed by the answer. She wanted to stop, not for the coffee, but to go to the toilet. At this point, the situation wasn't super urgent, but she already felt that she shouldn't delay much.

"Doesn't Mark understand that I want to stop for a pee break." she thought on herself. She didn't want admitting that she is needed a toilet in front of Mark’s friend. She knew she could last a long time, but she was feeling uncomfortable. Long flights and her intense work had trained her to be able to hold her pee for long periods. They went into hard city traffic. Sandra was starting to get a little more nervous and impatient, but nothing else showed that she needed to pee. She thought, she was going to visit the restroom at the real estate office. She thought she must go to the bathroom before they go on a tour of the apartments.

As soon as they arrived in front of the office, a young and kind gentleman was waiting for them. They greeted each other and he was ready to leave for the selected apartments. Sandra’s plans to use the office restroom went wrong. She gritted her teeth and they got back into the car and followed the broker's car. Her bladder was now quite full. Nevertheless, Sandra managed to skillfully conceal her condition. They had three apartments planned for viewing. She hoped they would look them quickly. The first two apartments really weren't worth it. In one, the furniture was very old, the other was on the top attic floor, which Sandra and Mark did not like. They had to go to the third apartment.

Sandra tried to dissuade Mark that they didn't need to go to see it. From the description she had been given, she didn't expect it to be any better. But most of all, she felt she needed to pee quite seriously. On the second visit, she began to feel serious tension and slightly bent her leg several times. Ben often cast discreet glances at Sandra. He liked her very much as a woman, even though she was his mother's age. The tight skirt was snug on Sandra's hips and bottom. 

Walking in front of him, the slit of the skirt was opening and showing more of her lovely legs. It was at one such moment, when Sandra stayed with her back to Ben, when he noticed that she slightly raised her leg. Was she tired or was it from something else, he thought. He remembered that since morning the only place where they had stopped for a toilet was at the gas station. And she could not visit it there. He felt like he had to pee for the second time, and Sandra hadn't been to the toilet in nearly five hours. Her bladder must be pretty full, he thought. He wondered how this frail female body managed to last so long without a toilet.

Mark insisted they visit the third apartment as well and they drove off over there. Sandra looked a little nervous and kept telling that it is unnecessarily to visit it. When they got there, she gave a quick look and went outside on the stairs. Obviously she didn’t like it and she asked them to go.  But Mark had to ask some questions and continued discussing with the realtor. 

While they were talking, Ben also left the apartment and went to Sandra. She was on the stairwell, looking around and pacing in circle aimlessly. Ben noticed an annoyed look on her face and asked “Are you very tired, Sandra?” „Yes, I'm tired! And I really need to go to the toilet.”. She had no choice anymore, she had to admit. “Please, tell Mark to go quickly.” - said Sandra to Ben and went down stairs. Ben go back to tell Mark to hurry up. Meantime Sandra went walked down stairs and went out of the apartment building. A few minutes later both gays went out too and noticed that Sandra stayed next to the car, looked bored and slightly nervous. “Where are we going now?” – Mark asked. 

“Wherever we go, I have to go to the toilet first! I really have to pee!” – Sandra said firmly and bent one of her leg. Marc suggested they get in the car and look for a restaurant to have lunch and use the toilet. Unfortunately, they still did not know the area well. Mark googled around for suitable places to eat. Sandra sat tensely in the driver's seat, waiting for Mark to tell her where to drive. Ben sat in the back silently watching Sandra discreetly. He was looking how her half-bare thigh was jiggling on the seat.

Since they could not return home the same day, they had rented an Airbnb apartment. Marc decided to check if it was available to check in. Fortunately, the landlady said that the apartment is ready and they had to take the keys in in 15 minutes. „Can you last another 15 minutes?“ – Mark asked Sandra. “I’m not sure” – she said and she made a tortured face. The desperation was already clearly visible. She was constantly shifting her legs on the seat. When she started driving, she calmed down a bit. At least it didn't seem so desperate. As soon as they parked and Sandra turned off the engine, the desperate signs came back with even greater force. She squeezed her legs tightly and began to fidget in the seat. “I hope the woman won't be late because I’m going to pee myself.”

Waiting for the landlady was very torturous for Sandra. She looked tired, nervous and constantly moving in her seat. All of a sudden she said sharply “If she doesn't come in two minutes, I'm going to pee in those bushes.“ „It will be an interesting sight“, Mark joked. „I am not joking at all! I feel like finding somewhere to squat, really! You will wash my pants and the seat!“, said Sandra, now quite nervous. Ben was sitting in the back seat and said nothing, watched Sandra carefully. Thank God after two minutes the landlady came. The three got out of the car. Sandra tried her best to look calm as the woman gave them brief instruction of the apartment.

After that, they quickly walked towards the entrance of the building. In the elevator, Sandra started stepping from foot to foot very intensely. The boys began to chuckle jokingly, which made her laugh as well. She said almost in a panic, "Don't make me laugh, I'm going to pee". Sandra didn't care at all about the two boys and even pressed with her fist through the skirt. Finally they got into the apartment. Sandra rushed inside and she began searching desperately for the toilet door. The moment she crossed the doorstep of the toilet, she lifted her skirt showed her thighs up for a moment, almost revealing her bottom as well. 

A second after slamming the door, it could hear the powerful jet of pee smashing into the porcelain. Ben pretended not to have seen anything and discreetly walked into the room. The sight was extremely hot for him! The powerful hissing sound could to be heard in the room and continued for nearly a minute. He tried not to think about what he was hearing and the exciting sight he had just witnessed. He was talking absently with Mark. Sandra delayed a bit inside after she finished peeing. A splash of water was heard from inside. After a while she came out. Relief and a smile could be seen on her face. However, both Mark and Ben noticed a slight change at her appearance. She was without pantyhose, her legs were bare. “What's going on? Is everything okay?“, Mark asked. 

She smiled and said with a sigh „Not quite“. „Shall I wash your panties?“, Mark asked with a teasing smile. “Not only the panties, but the pantyhose as well”, Sandra answered. „I told you how much I need it to go, but you didn't believe it.” She looked slightly angry with Mark and didn't care that she was talking about her accident. She sent both of them to the car to bring her luggage and clothes. Obviously she needed to put on new underwear. The boys went down for the luggage. Ben tried to look indifferent about the situation. But inside he was very excited. He could not realize that he had seen something so arousing with such a beautiful, mature lady.

###


I hope you liked!

It will be interesting to learn what the real story was.
