A World Full of Adventure (Genshin Impact Short Stories)

Author: JackFrost16

*000*2021-03-27 20:26

Astrologist Mona Megistus pulled the door to her home closed behind her, and stepped out onto the streets of Mondstadt. It was the dead of night, perfect conditions for stargazing. Mona's house was a small one, situated on the the outskirts of the city. Mona was dedicated not to use her talent with astrology to make a profit, and her pride wouldn't allow her to ask for money. Because of this, Mona was usually strapped for cash. It had taken a long time to save up enough to buy her house, but the cozy home was well worth it.

Mona took in a deep breath of fresh air as she started off toward the city gate. The cool breeze rushed past her face, blowing her dark black hair around her shoulders. The plan for the night was to travel a short distance outside of Mondstadt, spend the night watching the stars, and head back into the city as the sun rose. Mona whistled a little tune to her self as she approached the gates. The night was her element and the stars her companions. In her eyes, there was no better time to be out than midnight.

Mona arrived at the gates and was let through a small side door by a guard who looked equal parts tired and bored. Mona was well-known enough within the city to allow her to pass through with out much pause. She thanked the guard and continued on her way. Traveling along the main road that led out of Mondstadt, Mona aimed for a medium sized hill just a mile away. that was where she would set up for the night. Still whistling, Mona walked on, cloak fluttering in the wind.

After about an hours trek, Mona began to scale the hill. It was not a large slope, but still a difficult climb. Once at the top, Mona stopped for a small rest. After about five minutes she stood and began to set up her equipment. As she was pulling out her notebook in order to keep track of her observations, Mona felt a small ache in her abdomen. She frowned and-placed one hand over her stomach. She had needed to visit the restroom before she had left her house, but had forgotten in her haste to get out of the city. Cursing her forgetfulness, Mona finished setting up. Nothing to be done about it now.

About two hours into her stargazing. Mona was cursing herself even more. She now sat writing in her notebook about the measurements she had taken, with one leg crossed over the other. Her need had gotten much worse in the time since she had first arrived on the hill. Mona gazed back at the walled city behind her longingly, knowing that there were plenty of bathrooms there. Mona briefly considered calling it an early night and hustling back to the city, but eventually decided against it. There was still a few more hours of darkness left, and she was confident she could hold on for a little longer.

Another two hours past and Mona knew she had made a mistake. She was constantly jiggling up and down, moving her feet from side to side. The astronomer was now desperate to pee. She quickly made the decision to pack up her things and head back into Mondstadt, hoping it wasn't too late. She spent a good fifteen minutes putting away her equipment, hindered by the need to stop periodically to hold herself in order to avoid leaking. Mona began to make her way down the hill at a snails pace. She was moving with one hand between her legs, one hand holding the strap of her equipment bag. About halfway down the hill Mona paused to consider finding a nice bush and peeing there. It's night anyway. No one is even out here. She thought.

After a moment of deliberation, Mona's pride was too great to go to those extreme lengths. She continued her slow walk. Mona arrived on the main road of Mondstadt as the sun rose above the horizon behind her, illuminating the sky with a brilliant yellow shine. The hour walk that had led Mona to the hill now felt like an eternity. She was hunched over, with one hand perpetually thrust between her legs. Her brown tights chafed against her legs as she walked. About halfway to the gates, Mona let out a small squeak as she felt her bladder spasm. the next moment her hand was hit by a small jet of pee. Mona stoped and shoved both hands into her crotch, not caring that her equipment dropped to the road beside her. After taking a moment to compose herself, Mona was able to determine that it was just a leak. She breathed a sigh of relief. I still have time.

Mona made it to the gates without further incident. She was let in by the same guard as earlier that night. She blushed as he directed a puzzled look at Mona's posture. Fortunately, he didn't ask any questions and let her through quickly. Mona was thankful that the same guard was still there expecting her, though she did fell a bit sorry for him, having to stand at attention all night. Mona hobbled back in the direction of her house as fast as she dared, bracing herself against a worse case scenario.

Mona was able to reach her house without another leak. She stopped in front of the door. As she pulled her hand out form between her legs to grab the doorknob, she felt another stream shoot out of her overfilled bladder. She was forced to shove her hand back between her thighs and bounce form foot to foot in order to regain her composure. She reached for the knob once more and this time was successful in getting the door open. She rushed into the house pulling the door closed behind her. Mona's desperation reached a crescendo as the door slammed shut. She dropped her equipment on the floor and ran for the bathroom as fast as she could.

She wasn't fast enough. Just as Mona reached the bathroom door, her overtaxed bladder gave up. She tried desperately to hold back the tide, but to no avail. Mona was forced to watch in resigned silence as she peed full-force into her pants. The purple fabric of her one piece top darkened around her crotch as pee soaked through the material. Wet streaks formed as urine ran down her legs, darkening any part of her tights that it touched. Mona grimaced at the wet, warm feeling that rushed over her thighs and down to the floor. A puddle formed between her feet, expanding outward as Mona's body continued to empty itself of liquid. After a solid minute and a half, the stream finally abated.

Mona groaned and looked down at her clothing. Her one piece might be able to be saved. It only had wetness directly between the legs and a little around the back. Her tights were another matter. They were stained completely, turned almost black due to saturation. Mona could feel the blush rising on her cheeks as she stared at the puddle on the floor. Even though nobody was around to bear witness to her accident, Mona couldn't help feeling ashamed. Dejectedly, she stripped out of her soaked clothes and entered the bathroom. The toilet sat in the corner, lid up as if mocking her. She stepped into the shower, thankful that she at least was in private. A rueful smile crossed Mona's face. Whether the outcome was good or not, at least it had been an eventful night.

*001*2021-03-28 16:09

Chapter 2:

Lisa slid the book in her hands back onto the shelf, stifling a yawn. The Mondstadt Librarian had been up all night organizing the library, replacing books, and getting her own reading done. She was beyond tired. The morning sun was just beginning to creep over the horizon filling the library with brilliant light. Lisa straitened out and stretched. She was almost done with her tasks. The last pile of books to put away rested on a table in the middle of the room. Lisa made her way to the table, long cloak brushing her calves as she walked.

She arrived at the table and picked up the stack of books. Before she had the chance to put any away however, she caught a glimpse of the title of the book on top of the stack. The title read, A History of the Electro Element. Lisa couldn't resist. She grabbed the book and sat down at the table, flipping to the first page. The other books can wait. She thought. I'll only read a few chapters. Lisa's desire for knowledge couldn't be quenched that easily though. An hour later and Lisa was still deeply engrossed in her book. The sun was now a good bit above the horizon.

Lisa let out another yawn. She would need to sleep soon, and those books weren't going to put themselves away. With reluctance, Lisa made to close the book but again was distracted by the title of the next chapter. She sat back down again to continue reading. After a few more minutes, Lisa was forced to change her sitting position. A few minutes later, she did it again. After a little while, Lisa realized that she was moving, and frowned. It only took her a second to find the cause of her body's restlessness. She needed to pee. Lisa hadn't visited the restroom all night, her work having kept her too busy. The need was slightly concerning, but not so pressing that she would need to stop her reading to take care of it. After the next chapter. Then I'll put the books away, then go to the bathroom.

As Lisa turned back to her book, she felt her eyelids start to droop. Looking outside she realized that the sun was well above the horizon, and it was almost 10 AM. She turned back to her book, but the words swam in front of her eyes. Just a little nap. It won't take long, the witch thought as she laid her head down on the table. Sleep came quickly, and Lisa's eyes closed.

Lisa woke a short time later. Rubbing the sleep out of her eyes, she looked out the window to see that the sun was near its zenith. She had only slept for about two hours. That's not bad. I'll put those books away now. She got up feeling refreshed, and ready to get back to work. But as soon as Lisa stood up, she froze. A slight damp feeling was rubbing against the inside of her thighs. Lisa quickly looked down and opened her mouth in horror. A wet circle about the size of an apple sat on the crotch of her purple robe. She had completely forgotten about her need to pee once she awoke, but now it came back to her, ten times worse than before. Lisa thrust her hands into her crotch as she doubled over with a groan. Her bladder felt like it was about to explode. Lisa grimaced when she felt the wet spot between her legs. As bad as that accident was, it would get much worse if Lisa didn't go to the bathroom immediately.

Being the librarian meant that Lisa knew exactly where she needed to go. The bathroom sat on the other side of the library. Lisa took a faltering step in that direction, but stopped with a gasp as a small leak shot into her panties. She grimaced and took another step. Another leak followed. Lisa twisted her legs around one another, concentrating as hard as she could on her bladder. After a minute, she felt confident enough in her hold to walk forward again. She took the next step without any problems. Then the next. And the one after that. Lisa felt a small smile light up her face. She was half way across the room, without any further problems. Just as she was almost at the door another leak shot out. Lisa froze, pushing as hard as she could between her legs. The stream eventually stopped, but looking down, Lisa noticed a stain had started to appear on her thigh high tights. She wasn't going to get out of this dry even if she did avoid completely wetting her pants.

A few steps later and Lisa was just approaching the door. She was only a few feet away from relief. But it was not meant to be. Lisa's foot caught on a desk as she was walking by, and she toppled to the ground. She landed hard on her butt. She desperately tried to shove her hands between her legs, but the impact was too much for her bladder. A loud hisss filled the air as Lisa leaned her head back with a moan. She wished she could have made it to the bathroom, but the release of her swollen bladder still felt wonderful. What didn't feel quite so nice was the wet feeling that expanded across Lisa's body. Her ass and the bottom of her thighs were soon soaked, and a puddle expanded on the floor under her, saturating her tights and the back of her cloak.

She stood up after the stream had ended, feeling the wetness of her clothing rubbing against her legs. Glancing behind her back, it was clear that Lisa had peed herself. The back of her cloak was soaked from the small of her back all the way down, and her tights didn't fare much better. Glancing around quickly, Lisa hurried into the bathroom to try and clean up. Well, she thought. I guess thats what I get for being lazy.

*003*2021-03-29 13:37

{{10 hours ago, eli_is_a_clown said:

Nice, I really like this as someone who plays genshin impact, and nice descriptive detail.

}}

Thanks a lot! I’m trying to stay as true to the actual characters as possible in these stories. I appreciate the feedback!

*005*2021-03-30 18:12

{{17 hours ago, Vapordrops said:

Oooh! These stories are cute. I love playing Genshin Impact. If you don’t mind, could I request one for Ganyu? She’s one of my favorites. I’d love to imagine her wanting to pee sitting at her desk all day.

}}

Thanks for the feedback! I plan to do a story for Ganyu in the future though I'm not sure when exactly.

*006*2021-03-30 19:47

Chapter 3:

A warm sea breeze blew across the deck of the large wooden ship that sat in Liyue Harbor. The bright sun and the calls of seabirds created a beautiful scene of the ocean that stretched out into the distance away from the harbor. Beidou thought that there was no better place in the world. The tall sea captan peered out onto the open sea from her position by the guard rail. Beidou had always loved the sea. The urge to sail the open ocean had always itched inside her. That itch was strong today. Beidou hadn't been out to sea in weeks and was growing tired of the solid ground under her feet. Fortunately, Beidou was just about to set sail. Sailors scurried around the deck, members of her crew The Crux. They were good men and Beidou trusted them explicitly. Right now, she was patrolling the deck in order to check the last minutes preparations.

After checking that her cargo was secure, ropes were tied correctly, and personal belongings were stored, Beidou determined that it was just about time to set sail. That was until she felt a twitch in her abdomen. Grimacing, Beidou realized she hadn't found time to relive herself since early that morning. She had been wrapped up in her preparations that she had completely ignored her bodies needs. Fortunately, there was an easy solution. She could quickly run below deck and use the ships toilet, ensuring that her journey would begin soon after. However, as appealing as the thought of leaving as soon as possible was, Beidou dismissed that option. The ship's bathroom was not exactly clear and plus, it had limited storage for waste. Best to just make a quick stop on land. Making sure that things were in order on the ship, Bedou slipped away quietly onto the docks, making her way toward an outhouse tucked away to the side of the pier. Being on land did have some benefits.

Just as Beidou stepped off the ship and onto the wooden planks of the dock, a shout stoped her. A short messenger was running toward her at a sprint, shouting her name. Beidou's heart sank, and she let out a sigh. She had a feeing she knew what this was about. The messenger came to a stop in front of her, still panting. After catching his breath, her straitened up and in a deep voice proclaimed,

"Captain Beidou! Your presence has been requested by The Liyue Qixing in the Jade Chamber to discuss your most recent offense. Follow me!"

Beidou let out another sigh. So much for her plans of leaving early. She began to walk slowly after the messenger who had started his way toward the main city of Liyue already. Her bladder gave a feeble ache in protest as Beidou turned away from the outhouse. Another sigh. This better not take long.

The Liyue Qixing, Ningguang, sat rigidly with her back pressed against the high backed chair she sat on. Her stark white hair flowed smoothly over her shoulders and her qipao style dress was without a wrinkle. To anyone who saw her, wether it be guards, maids, or visitors, Ningguang looked to be the definition of composure. On the inside she was anything but. Someone watching very closely could see that Ningguang wasn't actually as cal as she appeared. A few drops of sweat resided on her brow, she would frequently bit her lip, and she continued to shift back and forth in her chair. The truth was Ningguang was in a very difficult position. She had booked the entire day with audiences, meetings, and negotiations with little in the way of a break in between. This meant that she had been unable to find more than a minute of free time all day. And despite all her carful planning she had forgotten one important thing. She had forgotten to use the bathroom.

Ningguang had been so busy all throughout the day that she had had no opportunity to relive her self. As such she was suffering from a painfully swollen bladder. The light at the end of the tunnel was that this was her last requirement of the day. The problem was that it was an audience with Beidou. The renowned captain was never easy to deal with, even when Ningguang could focus solely on the problem in front of her. Beidou was a troublemaker with a fierce personality and a penchant for breaking rules. What might be even worse was that she wasn't intimidated in the slightest by the power of the Liyue Qixing. Although her stubbornness and lack of respect were infuriating, Ningguang had a good deal of appreciation for the girl. Not many people could stand up to Ningguang's imposing air and impressive title.

But respect or not, Ninguang was not in the right position to deal with Beidou today. As the endless meetings and audiences had gone on, Ningguang had felt more and more desperate by the minute. She felt like her bladder was on the verge of bursting like an overfilled balloon. She was only holding on by sheer force of will, and there was no guarantee how long that would last.

A knock on the door roused Ningguang out of her speculations. Composing her self and making sure that she still looked calm, Ningguang called for the messenger to enter. He did, bringing Beidou along behind him. After bowing to Ningguang, the messenger turned and left the way he had came, leaving the two women in the room together. Ningguang started the conversation.

"Beidou this is getting out of hand. This is the third time you have been caught smuggling goods into Liyue Harbor in as many journeys. You have to stop."

"I don't know what you're talking about", was Beidou's response. Ningguang rolled her eyes. This was the usual way of things. She readied her self for a long confrontation. She discreetly slipped one hand between her legs, hidden behind a large desk in front of her chair. At least she hoped it was hidden.

You know very well what I am talking about Beidou".

"Fine. I brought in some extra exotic items for me and my crew. It wasn't anything dangerous."

"That doesn't matter. You didn't tell the officials about it, which means that it was still smuggling."

"And what are you going to do about it? I'm the best captain in Liyue and I make you a good amount of money from my trade. You wouldn't want to give that up, would you?"

Ningguang stifled a sigh. Couldn't it be easy, just this once? But of course it never was. That was what you got with Biedou. Ningguang felt another ache in her overtaxed bladder, this time accompanied by a short leak. She quickly straitened up hoping desperately that Beidou couldn't see the blush that was rising on her cheeks. Unfortunately, she could.

"What's wrong with you?" she asked. "Not feeling good? 'Cause if so I can always just go now." With the last comment, Beidou started to turn toward the door.

"No! You stay here. I'm fine". Beidou turned back around. Ningguang saw a look of disappointment on the captain's face before she regained her prideful swagger.

"Listen Beidou, this is your third offense. I have no choice to give you a fine." Ningguang's statement was accompanied by another small leak. She was losing control, slowly but surely. Ningguang estimated she had about five minutes before her bladder would give up and she would completely wet herself. She hoped, prayed even that Beidou would just accept her fine and leave.

"Okay. I'll pay the fine", said Beidou.

"Y-You will?" Ningguang asked in wonder.

"Yeah. It can't be too bad. So can I go now?"

"Um, yes. Have a nice day".

Ningguang watched in fascination as Beidou turned on her heel and walked out of the room. her prayers had been answered. Ningguang got up, ready to run out of the room. She might just be able to make it. Her hands were pressed between her legs as she started to stand. Suddenly the door burst open and a young woman walked in looking intently at a piece of paper. Ningguang acted fast and shot back into her seat pressing her hands even harder against her crotch. the woman, a new secretary, was reading off of the paper how much Beidou's fine would be. Ningguang nodded and pretended to listen agreeing with what ever amount the secretary suggested.

Ningguang desperately tried to hold on, but it was no use. Near the end of the secretary's account, hot pee started to rush between her hands. She tried her hardest to maintain an impassive face, knowing that any exclamation would alert the secretary to the fact that The Liyue Qixing was peeing her pants not ten feet away. Fortunately, the secretary finished her account and left the room none the wiser. Ningguang watched the door swing shut, then sighed and leaned back. She gave up on holding her bladder and let it all rush out.

A puddle expanded from out under her bottom, spreading across the seat of her chair before pouring down onto the floor. The wetness rubbed against her thighs, creating an interesting warm sensation on her legs. She sat in the same position, soaking her cloths, for what felt like an eternity. Eventually Ningguang stood up and looked at the mess she had caused. A massive pool of urine lay on the floor around her chair. The back of her dress was still dripping wet, and it was obvious that her underwear were in a similar condition. Ningguang wasn't looking forward to the clean up, but for now, she was just relived to finally have an empty bladder.

###

Beidou stepped out onto the streets of Liyue, and only there was she able to let her guard down. She bent over quickly and shoved both hands between her thighs. She was on the verge of an accident. Beidou was surprised, and grateful, that she had made it all the way through her meeting with Ningguang without more than a small leak. She stumbled through the streets, no longer caring who saw her desperation. She searched desperately for a toilet, but to no avail.

After a good five minutes of frantic searching, Beidou was still unable to find an appropriate place to realize her self. But just when all seemed lost, and it looked like Beidou was doomed to piss herself in the middle of a crowded city, she saw salvation. Or at least as close to salvation as was possible. Beidou had seen an alley and quickly ran for it. It would not save her from an accident, but it would save her from public humiliation. As soon as Beidou turned the corner into the empty alley, her bladder decided it could wait no longer. Beidou pressed her back up against the wall and quickly pulled her red dress out of the way.

Her pee spilled into her black leotard, saturating the fabric quickly. Multiple stream poured from between her legs pattering loudly onto the paved stone ground. Additional streams had their paths diverted and ran down her bent thighs instead. Beidou breathed a sigh of relief. The pee continued to pour into her leotard, but after she was done nobody would be able to tell. Eventually the stream abated, and after waiting a moment to make sure, Beidou let her dress fall back down over her knees. There was no way to tell, just from looking, that Beidou had wet herself. A satisfied smile appeared on her face. Considering how dire her situation had been only moments before, Beidou considered this a success. She walked out of the alley head held high, her confident demeanor more than enough to convince passerby that nothin was amiss.

*010*2021-04-03 18:25

Chapter 4:

The barracks of the Knights of Favonius was a relatively large building, that was home to many different knights and trainees. Due to its size and the amount of people living there, the building was always in need of cleaning. That was where Noelle specialized. Noelle was a maid, working at the knight's headquarters. She had aspirations of becoming a knight herself one day, and she knew that if she worked hard at her current job she had a good chance of seeing her dream come true. On this particular day, Noelle was deep within the headquarters, cleaning out the personal rooms of some of the knights while they were away on missions.

Noelle felt honored to be given the job. It showed that her superior had a lot of trust in her not to steal or damage any of the knight's property while they were away. Noelle hoped that this meant she might receive a promotion soon, or maybe even a chance at the selection trials! The thought made Noelle's heart flutter with excitment, but she soon got a hold of her emotions and let a serene look drift onto her face. A true knight would never let their emotions get the best of them like that.

Noelle pushed open the door to a small chamber that served as a sleeping area for one of the knights. The room was furnished sparingly with a bed in the corner, a small table, and three chairs serving as the only furniture. At the foot of the bed rested a large chest that no doubt house the knight's belongings. A large window was set into the far wall, letting the morning sun illuminate the area. Noelle wasted no time in getting to work.

An hour later she straitened up, looking around the room in satisfaction. Not a single mote of dust remained. Noelle took one more moment to arrange the furniture back to its original position before slipping out the door. She moved down the hall way to the next room, ready to repeat the process.

After two more rooms the sun was high in the sky, and Noelle was almost done with the rooms in the hallway. She had just one more room left to complete. There was only one thing that was stopping her from finishing her task. Noelle was having a debate with herself about wether or not she should use the bathroom. Noelle hadn't gone to the bathroom since early that morning, and as such was suffering from a full bladder. Normally, she wouldn't have waited even this long to go relive herself, but something was holding her back.

If I'm going to be a knight some day, I have to learn the value of patience she thought. A true knight would never have these types of problems. Noelle also was reluctant to leave her chores. She knew that people were depending on her to get these rooms clean and if she didn't, she would let them down. Also, she might lose her chance to become a knight. Noelle made up her mind. She stood up straight, steeled herself, and walked purposefully into the last room, vowing not to come out until it was clean.

The cleaning started off well for Noelle. The room was almost identical to the rooms before it, with the same furniture and chest. This room was only set apart by the brown rub that sat on the hard wood floor in the middle of the room. As Noelle got to work, she noticed thick layers of dust pilled up on almost every surface. It was obvious that no one had lived in this room for a long time. That meant even more work for Noelle. Cobwebs were thick in the corners of the room, and the glass panes of the windows were smeared.

About ten minutes later Noelle was regretting her earlier decision. Her bladder continued to ache, and Noelle bit her lip nervously. She was only about one third of the way done with the cleaning. She started to think about going back on her original vow but quickly put the thought out of her mind. I can do this. I won't give up yet. Noelle continued to work hard, while her desperation grew. After Noelle was about halfway finished with the room, the first leak shot out. It was a short, second long stream, that briefly warmed the fabric of her cotton panties before she was able to get ahold of herself. Noelle squeaked in alarm, and shoved both hands between her legs, dropping her broom in the process. After a few deep breaths, Noelle gently bent down, picked up her broom, and got back to work. That was close. This is going to be harder than I thought.

Noelle worked faster than before, sweeping and dusting at nearly twice her normal speed. She could tell that even with her increased pace it was going to be close. Noelle leaked for the second time, and again paused in her work in order to control herself. I'm almost done. Just a little bit longer. she thought to herself. The cleaning began to slow down as Noelle continued to stop periodically in order to deal with leaks. They were frequent now, occurring ever minute or so. Noelle knew she was on her last legs, but was still unable to give up on her task.

Her underwear were now completely wet due to the persistence of her leaks. Noelle was sure that if she wasn't wearing her standard maid's dress, a small wet patch would be visible on the tights she wore underneath. Even so, she continued to clean. She was almost done with the room. Noelle continued to work as fast as she could, but as time went on it became clear she wouldn't be fast enough. Noelle had long since married the idea that she would finish cleaning completely, or she would wet herself trying. And it looked like that later was more likely.

Noelle was almost done cleaning, bit she knew that the battle was over. Even if she was able to leave right now, there was no way she would make it to the bathroom in time. She was now leaking almost non-stop , and the leaks were getting longer. Noelle could feel wetness now halfway down her thighs, and knew that it would not belong before she could hold back no longer. Noelle moved around the room hunched almost double in a futile attempt to contain the ocean of liquid residing in her bladder. After a few more minutes, the leaks ceased being random squirts, and coalesced into one continuous stream.

Noelle stopped moving completely, straining to try to maintain control over her bladder, but her efforts were not enough. Her bladder continued to void itself, and hot pee ran down Noelle's legs. She could do nothing to prevent the streams from rolling down her thighs and calves, nor could she prevent the steady hisss of her accident from filling the air. Noelle felt tears well in her eyes as she starred at the puddle forming on the ground. The loud dripping noise of her pee hitting the ground played a mocking tune in Noelle's ears. She feel to her knees, not caring that the hem of her dress was soaking up the puddle on the ground. Noelle put her head in her hands and felt tears run down her cheeks.

How are you going to be a knight if you can't even make it to the toilet? she berated herself. Noelle stayed where she was, head hung in shame for the better part of ten minutes before she mustered the strength to stand. She was once again thankful for her maid uniform as, other than some slight discoloration around the hem of her dress, Noelle's accident was very discreet. She snuck back into the hallway, head down, praying nobody would see hr. Noelle returned to the room a few minutes later with a bucket and a mop. Silently she began to clean up her mess, mop handle held dejectedly between her hands. At least she would not be hard pressed to clean up. It is my job after all she thought, as the mop continued its unyielding path across the floor. When Noelle finished her cleaning she slipped quietly out into the hallway. She pulled the door closed behind her with an air of finality before heading to the exit, thankful that she was done for the day.

*011*2021-04-06 22:03

Chapter 5:

The Jade Chamber floated gracefully through the sky over Liyue Harbor, passing the few clouds that obscured the bright rays of sunlight. The warm summer months had brought nice weather and pleasant spirits all across Teyvat. Yet despite the warm weather and the nice breeze, Ganyu secretary to the Liyue Qixing was sitting inside at a desk. The work of the Qixing didn't stop for the weather, which meant that neither did Ganyu. She was devout in her work, tackling any task that came her way without a word of complaint. Her work ethic and can-do attitude had earned her respect from both her coworkers and from the Qixing herself.

This was a fact the Ganyu was happy about most of the time. She was not opposed to a heavy workload, and appreciated the respect she was given. Still, it was a shame to have to stay inside on a day like this. The blue sky above and the sparkling sea below called to Ganyu. She could feel her qilin heritage aching to explore the world around her. But she knew she couldn't do any of those things. Instead, she just had to sigh and get right back to work.

A constant stream of papers and reports had been flooding in from Liyue. A flock of merchant ships had just docked in the harbor, which meant a lot of paper work for Ganyu. It seemed like every time she finished filling out a document, another, longer paper was placed on her desk. The work was constant, but not to strenuous. As she worked, Ganyu felt her mind drifting back to thoughts of running through the forest or splashing in the ocean.

As the day drew on, Ganyu began to feel restless. she had been sitting behind her desk for what felt like hours and her hand was starting to cramp from writing. She got up to stretch throwing her hands above her head and yawning. She was shocked to see that it was late afternoon in Liyue. She had been working for longer than she had realized. As Ganyu stretched, she felt an uncomfortable sensation in her bladder.

Oh right! she thought. I better get to the bathroom. Ganyu had realized her need an hour or two ago, but had gotten caught up in work again before she could act on her urges. After that the thought of using the bathroom had completely slipped her mind. No matter. I'll go now. As Ganyu began to walk to the door out of her office and into the hallway, a junior assistant came down the hallway, stopping in front of her door.

He deposited a stack of papers on her desk, explained that they were the final merchant's reports for the day, and quickly scurried out of her office. With a sigh Ganyu sat back down at her desk. I guess it'll have to wait. I can always stop soon if it gets too bad.

Ganyu leaned back from her desk, sighing in satisfaction. She had just finished filling out the reports, and was done for the day. She was about to stand up and leave the office when a stray thought distracted her. Wasn't there something I was supposed to remember? she asked herself. Ganyu stood pondering the question for a few moments before her bladder spasmed and it all came flooding back. Literally. A stream of pee shot out between Ganyu's legs. She was able to stop it after only a few seconds, but there was no denying the wet warmth on the inside of her thighs. There was no way to tell just looking at Ganyu, the long ends of her bodice covered her legs enough to hide any potential stains.

Now that her bladder was under control for the time being, Ganyu made her way into the hallway in search of a bathroom. She walked a few paces down the hall before, she was forced to bend over with her hands between her legs to avoid another leak. It was worse than Ganyu had realized. Her situation was becoming more and more desperate by the minute. She continued to walk down the hall, scanning for a restroom. She knew there was one around here somewhere. Now if she could just remember where it was....

Yes! A door down the hall, clearly marked with a restroom sign, beckoned invitingly. Ganyu had to stop herself from running down the hall, knowing that doing so would most likely lead to yet another leak. Instead she moved slowly down the hall, carefully maintaining her composure. She reached the door and grasped the handle, and felt a deep sense of relief as she twisted the knob.

But the knob didn't move.

"Occupied!" came a woman's shout from behind the locked door. Groaning, Ganyu shoved her hands back between her legs. She hobbled to the other side of the hallway and pressed her back against the wall. She thought she recognized the voice of the person inside, but couldn't remember who it belonged too. Of course, that didn't matter as much as if she would be done soon or not.

Ganyu waited against the wall, breathing hard, for what felt like an eternity. She was sweating, and could feel her control slipping every second she waited. Yet the door didn't budge. Ganyu knocked again, but the response was the same. No further detail was given beyond the fact that there was someone in the bathroom . Ganyu moved back to her spot, legs bouncing up and down in a desperate attempt to contain the liquid within her body. But as time continued to drag on, it seemed less and less likely that Ganyu would be able to hold it.

About ten minutes later, Ganyu was dancing back and forth, a permeant grimace etched on her face. She danced in a small circle, shifting her legs back and forth. She was employing every strategy she could think of to try to keep her pants dry. But alas, her efforts were futile. After the long hours at a desk, Ganyu's bladder was finally exhausted. Ganyu felt her control slipping and redoubled her efforts, but it was no use. A few seconds later, her bladder spasmed one more final time before it completely let go.

Urine rushed out of Ganyu like a flood. Her hands felt the golden liquid rush down her legs, as separate streams fell from her crotch directly to the floor. The fabric of her black bodysuit did nothing to contain the stream, and a massive puddle began to form on the ground. It continued to spread from between her feet until it almost reached the other side of the hall. Ganyu stood frozen, hands between legs, as the pee continued to pour out of her at an alarming rate. Eventually, the stream tapered off, but there could be no doubt about what had occurred. The legs and rear of Ganyu's black bodysuit were completely soaked, and obvious trails of saturated material clearly marked the path her piss had taken to reach the ground.

Just as Ganyu was assessing the situation, she heard a toilet flush in the bathroom. She panicked, knowing that she couldn't let anyone see her in this state. Quickly she ran down the hall, turning the corner just as she heard the door open behind her. She breathed a sigh of relief. There was no doubt that whoever was inside the bathroom would figure out someone had wet themselves, the puddle was a dead give away, but hopefully they wouldn't know who. Breathing a deep sigh of both relief and disappointment, Ganyu walked quickly toward her office to gather her possessions, reminding herself not to be so forgetful in the future.

*013*2021-04-11 19:48

The Director of the Wangsheng Funeral Parlor was expected to be a grave individual, who considered business the top priority. They probably were a serious person, saddened by their proximity to death everyday. They probably stood hunched and weary, elderly, and with a stern disposition. At least thats what people expected. In reality, the Director is a short girl with dark brown hair who is renowned across Liyue not as a respectful, somber individual, but as an eccentric prankster with a wicked sense of humor. Hu Tao is the 77th Director of the Wangsheng Parlor, and although her whimsical attitude towards life might be off-putting, she does consider her work a very serious matter. Just not today.

Hu Tao wandered the streets of Liyue Harbor in search of any unsuspecting passerby that would fall victim to her newest prank. And boy was it a good one! Hu Tao chuckled to herself just thinking about it. The prank was simple, yet effective. It involved waiting patiently behind a corner next to a proper produce vendor's shop. Then, when Hu Tao saw somebody walk by after making a purchase, she would pull a thin string across a narrow alley, tripping the unsuspecting target. Hu Tao would then scamper away, unseen, mischief completed. It's brilliant Hu Tao thought.

She turned a corner, pushing through the throngs of people crowding the streets of the harbor. She was briefly able to slip away from the crowds and, under the guise of tying her shoe, attached on end of the strong, thin string to a doorstop the other side of the ally. Hu Tao then quickly made her way to the other side of the narrow passage way and crouched down behind a corner that she had scouted out the previous day. She checked the wire. It lay flat against the cobbled path, almost invisible unless you knew what to look for. Hu Tao smiled in satisfaction. Step one complete. Now all she needed to do was wait for an opportunity to spring the trap.

And wait she did. Hu Tao was regularly disappointed by the many customers that chose an alternate route to the one that Hu Tao had employed for her practical joke. As she sat there, waiting for her chance, Hu Tao began to grow restless. She shifted her position in the corner, trying to avoid the sharp edges of the building behind her from digging into her back. Sores were beginning to grow on her legs from being cramped in the same position for too long, and her foot was falling asleep. At least no one could say that she wasn't dedicated.

In addition to these external discomforts, a more internal problem was beginning to make itself known. Hu Tao felt her balder fill up as she sat there, waiting for the perfect opportunity to present itself. She started to fidget as her ned grew. She was growing frustrated at the lack of success her trap was showing. The fatal flaw was of course, that the prank wouldn't work if nobody decided to walk down the small, cramped alley when they could just walk along the main road. Hu Tao was beginning to lose hope. She shifted her legs again in order to ease the pressure on her back and in her bladder alike. She would need to find a bathroom soon, and there was always tomorrow. Mind made, she began to rise with the intention of abandoning the plan.

Just then she heard footsteps approach. Hu Tao quickly ducked down behind her corner, not daring to hope. She still wasn't sure if what she was seeing was real even as the man, for it was a man, walked down the alley, admiring the peaches he had just purchased. Hu Tao grinned with excitement. She poked her head around the corner, happy to see that the man was still absorbed in examining his recent purchases. Hu Tao waited, breathless, hand gripping the string as tight as possible. She waited for the right moment to pull. Hu Tao had been anticipating this fr too long to mess it up now. Then, finally, the man was in the right spot. Just as his foot was about to step on the wire, Hu Tao pulled. The wire sprang off the ground, catching the man's outstretched foot.

He had just enough time to let out a surprised shout before he pitched forward. The man fell onto the ground, hands in front of his face. The bag he was carrying split open, sending peaches, mangos, and other varieties of tropical fruits careening into the air. The man's glasses slipped off his face and clattered to the ground upon impact. Groggily he raised his head, fumbling around on the ground to find them.

Hu Tao had been watching these proceedings in joyous rapture until that point. At the sight of the man's bewildered face, she collapsed into a fit of hysterics. Hu Tao bent over her knees as wave upon waves of laughter shook her body. She had the fleeting though to be thankful for the hustle and bustle of the city, else the man would have surly hear her laughter. As soon as Hu Tao was about to regain control of her emotions, she caught site again of the man's confused expression still searching for his spectacles, prompting another burst of laughter.

Hu Tao was laughing so hard, she had tears in her eyes. They ran down her cheeks, as the joyous peels continued to sound. But as Hu Tao continued to laugh, she realized that she had a very serious issue to worry about. The pressure in her abdomen had been steadily building, and now with the loss of control that came her her merriment, it was about to release. Hu Tao tried to stop laughing in order to preserve the cleanliness of her clothes, but it was no use. Every time she thought she had contained herself, thoughts of the man's face sent her back to the ground in hysterics.

Hu Tao shoved her hands between her legs in one final attempt to hold on, but her body was not to be denied. She began to wet herself, making sure tears were not the only liquid to exit her body due to laughter. A stream quickly ran down her legs, pouring into her black shorts. A puddle started to form around Hu tao's form still hunched over from laughter. The warm wetness soaked her butt and thighs, as it clung to the fabric of her shorts. A loud hisss joined her laughter, creating a medley of sound. Once again Hu Tao was thankful for the privacy her corner afforded her. There would be no way to hide the accident if she had been standing in the road. The streaks of pee still pouring off of her proved that. And all throughout, Hu Tao just continued to laugh.

Eventually she tired herself out. She sat, breathless, chest still heaving in a large puddle of pee. Yet somehow, she didn't care. The thrill of the prank overshadowed and embarrassment or shame that might have come with pissing herself. She watched as the man moved off through the alley, glasses positioned crookedly on his nose, bag of groceries in his hands. Through a large tear in the bag, Hu Tao could see several bruises on the fruits inside. She almost felt bad before remembering the man's face again. She chuckled once more before quietly slipping back into the crowded main road. Her black shorts did nicely to hide all signs of her accident. Hu Tao let the smile on her face grow as she headed back to the parlor. It had truly been an eventful day.

