Ashley's Desperate Day

Author: Johnny Voodoo

*000*2018-07-07 00:38

Hey guys, this is my first story, give me any suggestions you have.

Ashley woke up tired, as usual. Her blonde hair fell to her shoulders and beyond as she stood up. She checked her phone which was charging on the table next to her bed. The time on her phone read, “8:02.”

“Perfect”, she thought.

Walking to the bathroom, Ashely began to mentally plan out the day she had ahead of her. The appointment she had was at 10, she knew she had plenty of time to get ready. Before she could think more of it, she reached the bathroom as her apartment was relatively small. The temperature throughout the apartment complex continued to rise as the peak of summer drew closer. It was a bummer the air conditioning system barely worked. Once in the bathroom she began her morning routine, which involved her going to the bathroom, showering, and brushing her teeth.

As rinsed her mouth while brushing, she decided that she would never buy this type of toothpaste again. The taste was terrible. With only a towel covering her body, she went back to her bedroom. She needed to pick her outfit for the day. The closet wasn’t big, but it was just enough to hold her selection of clothes. After a minute of thought, she decided on a pair of skinny jeans and a tight white shirt which complimented her body well. She grabbed the clothes off their hanger and set them on her bed. She also grabbed a pair of panties as well and placed them over her other clothes that were on the bed.

As she was about to take off her towel and change, her phone buzzed. She walked over to see a text from her mom.

“Can you watch your little brother and his friends around one for a few hours? I know the drive down here is a little far, but I can’t find another baby sitter for tonight.” the text read.

Ashely sighed in frustration as watching her brother was never a fun task and the hour drive to get to her parents’ house was uneventful as well. She thought she wouldn’t have to see her family as much after she graduated college, but her parents made sure that she had a reason to visit every now and then. Her mom had also helped pay for her college, and Ashely felt as if she owed it to her parents to help out when she could.

“Another Saturday wasted,” Ashley thought as she texted her mom back.

She returned to putting her clothes after sending the message to her mom. After she was dressed up, she had to put her makeup on, which only took a few minutes. She smiled as she looked into the mirror of her bathroom, admiring her own beauty. The sound of a reminder on her phone went off and she suddenly remembered that she had the doctor’s appointment soon. Grabbing her phone, she went to the kitchen to make a bowl of cereal. She ate it and placed the bowl in the sink. After she finished eating she realized she still had about ten minutes until she had to leave. She drank a cup of water and grabbed two bottles in case she got thirsty on the ride there.

The journey to the doctor’s office began as she closed the door to her apartment and walked down the five flights of stairs to get to the parking lot. Once in her car, she looked at the time and began to drive. The traffic wasn’t bad at all due to the fact it was an early Saturday morning. Ashely always planned to have her appointments in the morning and early as possible, so she didn’t have to wait in case if the doctors were running behind due to other patients. She walked in the office and sat down after filling out the paper work she had to.

“The doctor will be with you shortly” the receptionist said with a warm smile.

Ashley did not see the point of this appointment. She had broken her arm a while ago and it felt fine, she did not know why she had to come in for this, it just felt like a waste of time. She crossed her legs and pulled out her phone, but before she could read anything the doctor called her back.

The doctor began asking Ashely to do several exercises involving her arm, which just seemed trivial to her. As the doctor kept asking her to do stuff, she realized that this appointment was taking much longer than she thought it would. The doctor then said he would be right back as he had to grab the x-ray of her arm. He put it in a folder and handed it to her and said she was good to go. Ashley thanked the doctor and was about to walk out when the receptionist stopped her.

She began to ask Ashely to sign up to take a survey about how her experience was here. Ashely was in a bit of a rush to get home as she had to go to her parents soon and she needed to stop by her house to go to the bathroom. The receptionist kept droning on and on and Ashley finally decided it might be faster just to take the survey then listen to the receptionist keep trying to persuade her to take it. Little did she know that the survey would be five pages long and take around 30 minutes to finish. As she completed the survey in the waiting area of the office, her legs were crossed, a sign of her growing urge to pee. She was finally done and quickly gave the receptionist the survey and left the building.

Once she got in her car, she received another text from her mom. It was 11:30 and she still had time before she had to start get going to her parents. Before she could even read the text, her mom called her.

“Hi darling!” her mom said, sounding quite cheerful.

“Hi Mom,” Ashely responded. She had started her car and was beginning to drive back to her apartment to use the bathroom and grab another bottle of water as she had already finished the other ones.

“Do you think it would be possible for you to leave now? Your father and I were planning to leave a little bit earlier than we thought before,” Ashely’s mom asked.

“Uhh I just got done with an appointment and was going to go back to my apartment to grab some stuff before I came,” Ashely responded, to shy to tell her mom she needed to pee. She felt as if her mom respected her as a grown adult and she did not want to lose that.

“Ashely honey, you are coming to your home, you don’t need anything, everything is already here! We also really need you to come watch the boys for us,” her mom said, almost pleading Ashely.

“I guess I can leave now,” Ashley said. Although she had to pee, she knew she could hold it for the next hour as she really didn’t have to go that bad.

She started down the highway which would eventually lead to her parents’ home. With her music blasting and her mind focused on the highway, time went by quickly.

Ashely realized she was making pretty good time and she would reach there in about ten minutes less then she was used to. That also made her think that she had time to go pee before she left, as the urge continued to grow. It had been about four hours since she had gone in the morning and she definitely had to go more now then she did before. She parked on the driveway of her parents’ house and briskly walked to the door. She knocked on the door and crossed her legs and swayed back and forth as she waited. It took about a minute until her mom opened it.

“Ashely! It’s been so long since I’ve seen you!” Ashley’s mom said. She always made a big deal about seeing Ashely even though it had just been a few weeks since they last saw each other. Her dad was closely behind her mom and he gave Ashely a hug as well. They both seemed dressed up, but Ashely’s mind was on something else.

“We are about to head out, but Noah’s friends aren’t here yet. Before you do anything, could you wait for both of their parents to drop them off? They’ll be here any minute.”

“Sure mom,” Ashely responded, thinking in her head the moment her parents leave she would go pee. Her parents put their shoes on and Ashley walked them out the door so she could lock it behind them.

“Have fun!” Ashley said as she closed the door behind them, both of her legs bouncing.

She quickly turned and was almost running to the bathroom when she saw her brother.

“What’s up Ashley?” he asked.

“Oh hey, Noah!” Ashley responded. She did not want to be made fun of her younger brother for needing to pee this badly, so she knew she couldn’t make it obvious she had to go.

Noah gave her a hug which squeezed her bladder and didn’t feel good at all. Even though her brother annoyed the heck out her, they both still loved each other. He was still only 14, a huge age difference between the two.

“Can I show you something I made for my room?” he asked, sounding very eager. Ashely knew she had to pee, but she decided to go anyways. As she entered his room, she quickly sat down on his bed and crossed her legs. She slowly bounced them but made sure to avoid the attention of her brother.

“Look what I made!” he said excitedly. He had always been pretty good at drawing and the poster he was showing Ashley was actually pretty cool.

“Wow Noah that’s actually really nice. Good job you’re getting really good at drawing.” she responded. He talked about how long it took him to make and Ashley sat there as she grew more and more desperate.

When he finished talking, Ashely quickly got up and said, “Now give me a second I’m gonna go to the bathroom real quick.”

She quickly scampered out of the room only to be this time interrupted by the doorbell. She cursed quietly and went to go open the door. She went to open the door with her legs crossed and she couldn’t help but to keep fidgeting around, it was obvious she had to pee if someone looked at her.

“Hi, you must be Ashely, your mom told me about you!” Noah’s friend’s mom exclaimed. “My name is Heather!”

She put her hand out and Ashley shook it. She kept crossing her legs and bouncing them as she spoke.

“Haha, that’s me,” Ashely said with a shaky voice. She was beginning to lose composure. Heather seemed oblivious to Ashley’s situation. Ashely just wanted Heather to leave so she could go pee.

“Now be good Billy, don’t give Ashley a hard time ok?” Heather said Noah’s friend walked in the house.

“I will Mom” Billy said, in an annoyed tone.

“Before I leave, can I ask you a favor?” Heather asked Ashely. This was the last thing Ashely expected and as much as she wanted to say “no” she knew she had to be polite and answered, “Sure.”

“Can I use your bathroom before I leave? It was a long ride here.” Heather asked with a smile.

Ashley couldn’t believe it, but she quickly answered, “Yea sure.”

As she walked Heather to the bathroom, she walked with her legs as close together as possible.

“Right here.” Ashley said with a fake smile.

“Oh thank you so much!” Heather said as she entered the bathroom.

When she closed the bathroom door, Ashely quickly held herself and crossed her legs, she had to go really bad. She could hear Heather peeing from inside the bathroom and it made her urge so much worse. She was almost full out pee dancing at this point. Heather opened the door to see Ashley on the verge of peeing herself.

“You have to go to?” Heather asked chuckling.

“Oh, uh just a little, haha,” Ashely said with a fake laughter, trying to compose herself as her face turned red from embarrassment.

“I’ll walk you out first,” Ashley said awkwardly to Heather, just wishing she would disappear so she could pee. She squirmed her way back to the door as Heather exited and quickly closed it and ran to the bathroom. She closed the door and tried to take her jeans off so she could finally pee. The only problem was the button was stuck. She bounced and danced and tried not to pee herself as she tried to get the button undone and nothing worked. She put her hands back to holding her bladder hole and exited the bathroom unrelieved. She needed someone else to help her undo the button. It would have to be her brother. He might make fun of her, but it beat peeing herself. “Noah can you-“, she was interrupted by the doorbell and it must have been Noah’s other friend coming over. She was about to pee herself, but she had no choice to open the door as she had no idea where Noah was.

“Hi” Ashley said as she opened the door, legs crossed and hands in between them. She had a look as if she was in pain.

“Hi… are you ok?” the mom asked as she looked at Ashley confused.

“Yea, just really gotta pee, sorry.” Ashley said as she pee danced in front of her and her son.

“Oh, I’m sorry to interrupt you. I just need to drop off my son. Jason, don’t be shy, go in”

She gestured for her son to go in as Ashely kept her hands on her bladder hole and her legs crossed for sake of her dignity or what was left of it.

“I’ll see you later, bye.” Jason’s mom said, clearly confused by the situation. Ashley still had to get her button unjammed and shouted out, “Noah pleeassee com here right now.”

She was begging at this point. Noah came out from upstairs to see his sister holding herself and dancing around.

“Help me my button is jammed, please I need you to fix it.” Ashley said, bouncing everywhere.

Noah ran down and said, “What do I do?” His friends watched as this attractive adult was on the verge of peeing herself.

“The button just try to fix it.” Ashley said still squirming around.

“I can’t with you moving around that much, stand still for a second.” Noah said, trying to mess with the button.

“Uhhh I’ll try,” Ashley closed her eyes and crossed her legs and held on with all her might. She had to stand still while her brother undid the button.

“Come on Noah, please,” she begged her brother to undo the button any faster.

“Give me a sec, I’m trying, I’m trying.” Noah said, he knew his sister was about to pee her pants and he didn’t want her to.

“There I got it!” Noah exclaimed.

“Oh my goddddd!” Ashely screamed as she sprinted to the bathroom and ripped down her jeans and panties to release the pee from her bladder. “Ahhhhhhhhh” she yelled as the pee left her body. After about a minute she was done. She got up and looked at herself in the mirror and smiled. Although she was embarrassed, at least she didn’t pee her pants.

Thanks for reading!

