My First Story Attempt - To be continued - Page 5

Author: JMatthews1995

*100*2018-12-16 18:22

Continued.....

The girls peddled home fast, the whole way their sexy feet squishing around in totally drenched sneakers and their wet little pussies massaging firmly on the saddles of their bikes. Jess was incredibly turned on and couldn't wait to get Soph home!

They rolled up the drive way, happy to have not met anyone on the way back and wheeled their bikes around the back of the house.

"Every step I take pee squishes around between my little toes Soph!"

"Haha mine to! I bet your's are so yummy right now Jess"

"Of course Soph!"

They hurried inside. Instantly Jess wrapped her self around Soph. Neither of them had even had time to take their shoes off. Soph felt Jess firmly grab her wet butt. She pressed her self up close against Jess.

"Hunny! I have a seriously naughty idea!"

"What Soph?" Jess' eyes lit up with excitement.

"I really want some lunch. I think we should get changed and go and get some."

Jess was puzzled, how was that naughty? What made Soph think that was a good idea at this moment in time!

"Right now? Just stop everything, get changed and go and get lunch?" Jess sounded stroppy, exactly as Soph had wanted her.

"Yup, this fetish stuff can wait! I'm starving!"

"Fine!" Jess said in a huff.

The girls headed upstairs. Jess was about to walk into the bathroom when Soph grabbed her.

"What are you doing, aren't you getting changed?"

"I was going to turn the shower on Soph!" Jess said stroppily with a puzzled moody look on her face.

Soph grabbed Jess' hand and pulled her into the bedroom. She opened her wardrobe and pulled out a pair of dark blue jeans, her converse, and a nice t-shirt and jumper.

"I literally meant get changed Jess. No showering! Just switch clothes, then go about our day as if nothing is wrong at all!"

Jess' eye's lit up! She watched in amazement as Soph slid her pee soaked bare feet out of her sneakers and then pealed her leggings and panties off her wet legs, revealing her beautiful glistening pussy.

Soph struggled with her jeans and she pulled them up her damp legs. She managed to get them up and once she had them near enough round her waist she gave them a sharp tug upwards, pulling the fabric tightly up between her legs and pulling them tight against her still soaked little pussy. She then slid both her glistening wet little feet into her converse.

"I look so normal Jess! No one at all would suspect that my pussy is a wet little mess and that my feet are all wet and pissy would they?!"

"You, are sooooo soooo naughty! I love it!" Replied Jess.

Soph decided she was dressing Jess. She leaned into the wardrobe and pulled out a fresh pair of thick black leggings, a pair of black quilted ankle boots, and a t-shirt / jumper combo like she had picked.

She watched with excitement as Jess slid her soaked bare feet out of her sneakers. Jess could tell that Soph wanted to be playing with them and she wiggled her toes to tease her. As she pealed her wet leggings down Soph knelt down in front of her. She was staring right at Jess' glistening wet pussy.

"Our pussies don't deserve to be cleaned do they Jess" She whispered. "They are so naughty for letting go of our pee without permission!"

Jess was turned on like crazy. She felt Soph lean in and gently kiss her wet puffy lips. She continued getting dressed and as she was putting on her leggings Soph grabbed the top of them and made sure to pull them up really tight, giving Jess a little front wedgie!

Soph watched as Jess slid her still glistening wet feet into her ankle boots and once her naughty girlfriend was fully dressed she cuddled up to her and gave her damp little pussy a little squeeze through her leggings.

"Can't wait to eat that naughty little pussy later Jess! I want to make you cum so hard!" Soph exclaimed.

Jess nearly came right then. Soph really knew how to push Jess' naughty buttons!

TBC

*105*2018-12-16 20:35

The girls began their walk into town. Pussies still slightly damp with pee and their soft little feet damp and pissy in their converse and boots.

"Soph I feel so naughty! My pussy is still all pissy and my feet are too but no one could ever tell!"

"I know! It's perfect isn't it!" replied Soph "I can't wait to get some food, can we have chips from the chip shop?"

"Sounds perfect. We can go and find somewhere nice to sit and eat"

The girls queued up in the chip shop. Both of them nervously aware of their damp little pussies between their legs. They bought their food and then headed out to a nice park they knew near by. Once there to two girls settled and began eating.

"Soph, I feel so naughty! My little lips are still damp!"

Soph gently placed her hand between Jess' legs and felt her warm pussy through her leggings.

"I have a naughty idea once we have finished eating Jess!"

Jess' eye lit up again and Soph smiled.

Once finished Soph stood up and took Jess' hand. She lead Jess away into a secluded area with a little park bench. She sat down and then invited Jess to sit next to her.

"I have to pee again hun!" Soph exclaimed. "You mind if I let some out to reduce the pressure?"

Jess smiled and nodded. She watched as Soph slid her leggings down slightly, just enough to expose her little pussy while still sitting on the metal bench. She shivered as her pussy touched the cold stainless steel. Jess was staring down at Soph's delicate pussy when a big spurt sprayed out from between her lips! It continued for about 5 seconds and Soph quickly stopped and pulled her leggings back up tight over her still dripping pussy.

"You're so naughty Soph!!"

"That felt so nice! I love the little tingle I get when I pull my pants up over a wet pussy!"

Jess felt her clit tingle. She wanted Soph sat on her face so badly now! Just knowing her pussy would taste amazing!

"You're turn Jess"

Jess did the same as Soph had done. A quick 5 second pee, followed swiftly by her leggings being pulled back up tight against her dripping pussy lips.

"Feels soooo nice Soph!"

"I know! Let's go and find somewhere else to have another naughty leak!"

The girls continued walking around looking for more naughty places to mark their territory!

TBC

*106*2018-12-16 21:31

The girls began walking to their next naughty pee location. Soph could feel her wet lips sliding against each other lubricated by her naughty pee! Jess was feeling wet for other reasons as well!

Soph lead Jess to another secluded location. This time it was a little wooden bench down by the town river. This time Soph slid her leggings down and squatted down next to the bench. Jess watched as a jet off pee sprayed out from between Soph's glistening lips. As soon as the flow had started, she clamped her pee hole shut and instantly pulled her leggings up tight against her dripping pussy.

"I wanna eat you so bad right now Soph! I wanna taste that wet little pussy soooo sooo much!"

Soph giggled then invited Jess to relieve her self a little as well.

Jess squatted down, pulled her leggings down very slightly and then began to let a spurt out. Instantly Soph shouted!

"Quick someones coming!"

Jess felt her pee hole spasm as it clamped off the flow and she yanked her leggings up fast. As she stood up another spurt escaped and dampened her leggings and pussy even more.

"That was a close one Jess! Almost wet your self then didn't you!"

Soph wanted to have some fun now. She had thought of her next naughty place to go. By now both of their bladders were getting rather full and each tiny bit of relief was getting harder to stop! Soph lead Jess to the next location. It was a public toilet with a large pay section where it was easily big enough to fit both of the girls into the stall.

"Right Jess, I want you to tease your pussy for me. I want you to show your pussy the toilet. Tease it with relief! I want you to begin to sit down, then just as your about to hit the seat I want you to tug your leggings back up. No relief at all!"

"Show me Soph" Jess replied.

Soph closed the door of the stall leaving the two girls locked inside. She began by pulling her leggings down. She slowly lowered her self over the toilet. Natural instinct kicked in and she felt her pee hole begin to relax. As soon as that happened she stood up sharp and pulled her leggings back up. She felt a very tiny dribble of pee leak out into her leggings. Just enough to wet her between her lips.

"omg! nearly wet my self then Jess! You're turn!"

Jess copied Soph. It felt like torture just showing her delicate pussy relief and then forcing it to re-clamp and not let any leaks out. She managed it though with a little help from her hand pressed tightly into her naked pussy!

Soph pulled Jess' hand away from her pussy and then looked at her glistening pussy. She leaned in and gave it a quick kiss praising it for it's holding ability.

"You're pussy is so cute Jess! I love knowing that it's been a pissy mess all day!"

TBC

*108*2018-12-17 18:39

Having both shown their beautiful pussies what relief looked like Soph set out the next naughty challenge. She dragged Jess out of the public toilet and they headed down the main high street and into a peaceful garden. The weather wasn't amazing so there was almost no one about at this point.

"Right Jess, we are going to pee a little through our leggings!" She said sounding rather bossy.

"Right now? People might see the wet patch Soph!" Replied Jess.

"Noooo it'll be fine! Just a tiny little spurt right through the fabric between your legs. When you stand up it'll be nicely tucked up between your thighs and no one will see!"

"Okay. I'll give it a go"

Jess squatted down next to a bin while Soph kept a look out.

"When I say go you go. When I say stop you stop instantly. Got it?" Bossed Sophie.

"Yup"

Jess tilted her hips forwards. As she heard Soph say go she instantly released. She had pulled the leggings tight up against her pussy and the pee sprayed through them with a surprising amount of force. She heard Soph say stop. Instantly she clamped off the flow, her pee whole spasmed as if to highlight the fact it was rather enjoying it's relief.

"Almost didn't stop then!" Jess exclaimed as she stood her self back up.She felt her wet pussy fold around the leggings fabric, creating a little front wedgie effect. Soph noticed and put her hand between Jess' legs and pulled the pissy fabric out from between her little flaps and then licked her fingers clean.

"See! Only a tiny little patch. No one will notice that!"

Jess was busy inspecting her damp patch as Soph lowered her self into a squat position next to her. Jess told Soph to start her release. Her pee hole opened instantly and just like with Jess a huge spurt sprayed through the tight legging fabric. Jess let her have a few seconds of relief before ordering her to stop the flow.

Soph really struggled with this order. Her pussy was refusing to clamp off the flow. She could feel her bladder still forcing hot pee out into her leggings regardless of how tight she tried to shut her pee hole.

"STOP SOPHIE!!" Demanded Jess

"I can't Jessie!" She murmured. "My pussy won't clamp shut!"

She continued to pee uncontrollably through her leggings. Jess was worrying in case anyone came into view knowing full well that Soph would be exposed instantly.

"HURRY SOPH PEOPLE MIGHT SEE!"

Soph, now slightly panicking grabbed her self tight! Doing so gave her poor little pussy the support it needed to clamp off the flow but also deflected a lot of pee further up the bum of her leggings. She knew the wet patch would be way too visible from the back now but it was the only way she could stop the pee coming out.

She stood up cautiously.

"How noticeable is the patch Jess?!" Soph asked.

"It's quite big hun! You'll have to try and hide it!"

Soph pulled her jumper off. She wrapped her jumper around her waist hiding the wet patch on her bum nicely. It was going to be a chilly walk home!

TBC

*111*2018-12-18 15:31

Just noticed I had said Soph was wearing jeans not leggings. Oh well. She's wearing leggings for the rest of this bit of the story!

The two girls were on their way back to the house. Soph having not had the luxury of a huge leak like Jess was now beginning to really struggle to hold her pee. Every step she felt her bladder jiggling and her wet little pee hole was starting to twitch. It wanted relief! Badly!

"Jess I have to pee so bad right now!" Soph whispered.

"You should have leaked loads like I did! My pussy is soaked but I think I can hold it till we get back! Can you?"

"I don't think I will be able to Jess I need to find somewhere to pee ASAP!"

The girls chose to walk through the forest on the way home. It was a slightly longer route but it meant that if Soph's bladder gave in then at least no one would see!

Jess teased Soph as much as possible. She kept tickling her and poking her bulging tummy every chance she got. Suddenly Soph stopped. She rammed her hands down between her legs and grabbed as tight as possible. Was this the moment her pee hole finally gave in?

"Owowowowow!" squeeked Soph "I reaaalllyyy I have to pee Jess!"

"Well hurry up then we are only about 20 minutes from home!"

The news that they were still so far away sent a spasm of desperation through Soph. She felt her pelvic muscles spasm and a huge flood of pee sprayed into her leggings. She instantly squatted down. The pee was flooding through her leggings like a waterfall. She kept pawing at her pussy re-gripping and squeezing it harder with her hands but nothing would stop the torrent.

Jess felt a wave of please and desperation spread through her body. Her pissy little clit was throbbing like crazy with excitement as she watched her beautiful girlfriend totally pee her self.

Soph's flood seemed to go on forever. Jess was getting so impressed by how much pee Soph could hold now and this was proof of it once again. There puddle between her legs was huge!

Finally the flow subsided. Soph stood up and put her legs together. She inspected the damage on her leggings and decided she needed to cover her self with her jumper. Jess walked over.

"Can I feel you down there Soph? Pleease?" Whispered Jess.

"Let's find somewhere more secluded!"

The girls hurried behind a large area of bushes. Jess cuddled up tight against Soph from behind and put one of her hands around her front onto her tummy. She gently slid her hand down Soph's front, down into her warm wet leggings. Soph shivered as Jess' cold fingers came into contact with her pissy flaps.

"Mmmmmm Soph you're sooooo wet! I can't wait to lick that stinky little pussy clean!" Soph shivered again as Jess' fingers slipped down in between her lips gently sliding over her throbbing clit.

"I'm such a dirty dirty mess aren't I Jessie? Although I think my pussy deserves to be a pissy stinky mess as she wouldn't hold my pee for me like I wanted!"

"That's so true Soph! Pussies deserve to be stinky and pissy if they don't hold as demanded!"

Jess slid her hand back out from between Soph's legs. She lifted her hand up to her face and she could smell the lovely pissy aroma. Soph turned round just in time to catch Jess licking her fingers clean.

"Do I taste good sweety?"

"Always Soph! You could pee your self endlessly for a whole weekend and you'd still taste yummy!"

"You're so dirty Jess!"

Jess grabbed Soph's pulled her back onto the path. They hurried home. Jess's wet pussy was quivering with desperation by the time they finally reached their house. She pulled Soph into the back garden and closed the gate quickly.

Jess took Soph's hand and slid it down inside her own leggings. Soph could feel Jess' hot slippy little lips and she felt her shiver as her cold hand touched her clit. Jess had her hand over Soph's and gently started rubbing Soph's hand up and down her wet pussy. Soph suddenly felt her hand warm up. Jess' pussy had given up and was spraying pee all over Sophs hand.

"Jessie you dirty girly!"

"I love it Soph!"

Soph continued massaging Jess' peeing pussy for a whole minute. Her hand was so warm and wet and she could feel the endless powerful jet of pee spraying against her skin. Once Jess had finished her pee she slid her hand out from down her leggings and licked her pissy fingers. Jess turned around to face Soph.

"Look at my boots Soph!" exclaimed Jess.

Soph looked down. Jess' ankle boots had filled entirely with pee and had overflowed onto the patio below.

"OMG Jess! You must have been holding soo soo much!"

"Mhmm, my feet are sooo warm Soph! I bet you want to suck my pissy little toes don't you!"

Soph nodded and blushed. There was nothing she wanted more right now. Well, other than maybe Jess licking her pissy feet clean as well!

TBC

*114*2018-12-27 20:13

I forgot where I was at with that story unfortunately. But I am going to start another based on the same girls.

It had been a long few weeks. Neither girl had any chance of enjoying fetish fun over the Christmas period as they were just so so busy! Both girls had bought each other various items of clothing and various new pairs of shoes and boots and they had really treated them selves to a good collection of new stuff.

For Jess this meant one thing! Shoes she could ruin, and plenty of clothes she could pee in! It was the day after boxing day. Jess had woken up in a very frisky mood and decided to ask Soph if they could have some naughty fun today.

"Sophieeeee, can we have some fetish fun today.. Pweeasee?" She said as she nuzzled up to Soph under the warm duvet.

"How could I say no when you ask so sweetly?"

"Yes! Shower??" Questioned Jess

"Of course! I'll be through in a second" Soph replied

Jess headed into the bathroom and turned the shower on. She loved showering with Soph, it was often her favorite part of the day. She put her hand under the water to check whether it was warm enough, slid her tiny nightie off and stepped into the shower. Soph followed her into the shower, she had undressed in the bedroom already.

The girls gently caressed each others soft bodies, massaging and scrubbing every bit of each other. Jess stood behind Soph, put her arm around her and gently slid her soapy hand over Soph's private area. Soph felt Jess' fingers slide gently between her puffy wet lips. She shivered and let out a little giggle.

"Ooh does that feel good Soph?" Whispered Jess.

"Mhmm, be gently Jessie" Soph replied.

Jess continued to gently massage Soph. After a few seconds she felt a jet of liquid spraying into her hand. Soph was peeing in the shower all over her hand. She continued to massage Soph as she relieved her entire bladder, or so she thought. Soph turned around to face Jess and looked down at her pussy.

"I think she'd like to be licked Jess" Whispered Soph.

Jess knelt down and gently slid her tongue in between Soph's lips. She slid her tongue up and down gently tickling every part of Soph's pussy. Suddenly she felt a spurt of pee spray onto her tongue. She looked up at Soph.

"What's up Jess?" Soph smiled as she was looking down.

"Oh, nothing, just was a little surprised"

Jess continued to lick. Every now and then Soph would reward her with another little spurt of golden pee. Jess loved the taste of Soph, especially when she was leaking! It wasn't long before Soph was shaking, every muscle was shuddering as an orgasmic wave of pleasure came over her. She orgasmed, and squirted all over Jess as she was continuing to lick!

"How was that Soph?"

"Heaven Jess! You're soooo good with your tongue!"

"Thanks, Can I pee too Soph? Just maybe over your legs or something, pleeeeese?"

I think I can let you do better than that Jess. Soph sat her self down on the floor of the bath. The shower was still running but she had positioned her self out of the flow of the water, her legs were stretched out down the length of the bath and her feet were still under the shower head.

"Sit on my lap Jess, facing towards me, and wrap your legs around so you're pussy is right above mine"

Jess did as she was told. She gently lowered her self down so she was sat on Soph's thighs. Soph looked at her.

"Pee on me Jess!"

"Really?! It's going to spray all over your pussy Soph!"

"Exactly! Go on, let some out!"

Jess let a big spurt go. Her pussy lips were together so it wasn't a forceful stream, just a messy spray that went indirectly all over Soph's lower tummy and the top of her cute little pussy.

"Aim Jess! I wanna feel it spray right at my clitty!"

Jess slid her hand down onto her pussy and spread her lips open, revealing her pee hole, she tilted her hips slightly forward and began peeing again. This time the stream was a strong, straight jet of pee. It sprayed directly at Soph's pussy and pooled on the tops of her thighs. Soph opened her legs apart a little, slid her hand down between them and gently spread her pussy lips apart revealing the target.

"So close Jess! Go on spray my cute little clitty! I wanna feel it tingle as it splashes against it!"

Jess peed with all her force, the stream was thick and powerful, her aim was perfect spraying it directly at Soph's delicate pussy. Jess was so turned on, she could feel her own clit throbbing with excitement. All she could think about was whether she could get Soph to pee on her pussy some time soon!

TBC - I will continue with the rest of the naughty pee day later on ?

*116*2018-12-28 14:53

The two girls finished their shower. The dried each other off and stood ready to get dressed in the bedroom.

"What we are going to do today is going to require leather skirts Jess" Soph explained.

Jess' eyes widened with excitement. She knew Soph was really starting to enjoy wetting and she loved the sound of that clothing requirement.

"Right Jess, I'm going to choose thin lacey panties, my black thick thigh high socks, and my black leather skirt."

"Socks? I thought you'd want to wear leggings so you could have your sexy bare feet in your boots?" Replied Jess.

"Not today Jess. We need easy access to our panties so we can take them off and on easy!" Replied Soph. Jess looked puzzled but asked no further questions.

Both girls were wearing rather similar clothes when they had finished getting dressed. Both had thick long socks on, both had leather skirts on, and both were wearing a pair of knee high quilted boots.

"Okay Jess. Today's plan is my naughtiest plan so far! We're not going to wet our panties, we're going to wet each others!"

"What do you mean?" Jess was getting seriously excited.

"Well instead of wetting our selves when we need to pee, we will wet each other! For example, when I can't hold on any longer I will pee through my panties. But then once I have finished it won't be me wearing them. We will trade, and you'll wear the panties I have just peed!"

Jess felt her pussy tingle with excitement! A day wearing panties peed by her girlfriend?! How much sexier and naughty could it possibly get?!

"Are you serious?" Jess questioned.

"Yup, whenever either of us pees through our panties, that's when we must switch panties."

"Soph, you don't even know how much my pussy is tingling with excitement right now! How are you so damn naughty?!"

"Don't go getting those panties all damp Jess, I'll be wearing them half the day today!"

Jess again felt her clit throb. She was sure she would end up coming in her panties at some point during the day!

The girls both had a huge cup of tea and then decided to head into town for some breakfast. During breakfast both of them had yet another large cup of tea. Today, however, wasn't about bladder capacity or holding. Today was about being naughty, dirty girls and Soph was determined to get things moving. Once they had finished eating Soph began to put her plan into action.

"I'm going to the toilet Jess. I suggest you come along." She whispered across the table.

Jess tingled with excitement! Was Soph going to let her watch her pee her self? In public as well?!

Soph opened the door into the big disabled stall. There was plenty of space for both of them to go in.

"Well, are you coming in?" she whispered.

Jess slid through the door into the toilet and locked it behind her. By the time she had turned around Soph had already pulled her skirt down and was settling onto the toilet with her panties still pulled up tight against her pussy.

"I don't even need to pee that bad Jess! I just wanna start making you horny!" Jess heard a tinkling sound and watched as Soph emptied her bladder through her cute little panties.

"You don't even know how much my pussy is tingling right now Soph!" Jess said softly. She sounded really turned on and that made Soph tingle as well.

Soph stood up off the toilet and then watched as Jess settled onto the seat with her own panties still up tight against her pussy. Again the room filled with the sound of pee tinkling into the toilet bowl.

"Mmmmm just think how we my pussy is going to be with your pee Jess" whispered Soph as she began pulling her pissy panties down from under her skirt.

Jess stood up and followed Soph's lead. Once they had both removed their panties, they traded and began putting each others wet panties on. The cold wet material clung to both girls delicate pussies. Jess was breathing heavily, she was getting far more turned on than she even expected. The thought of walking around town with her pussy trapped inside a pair of panties her girlfriend had peed through was making her clit throb harder than ever!

"Just imagine how tasty my little pussy is going to be at the end of today Jess" Soph said softly into Jess' ear. "The poor little thing is going to be so pissy and warm all day! and you're going to have it sat on your face later, forcing you to lick it clean!"

Jess closed her legs together and shimmied a little. Soph knew she was doing this to squeeze her clit between her legs and make the wet panties ride up between her puffy little flaps.

"If you feel as good as I do right now Jess, I'm sure neither of us will survive today without having a little accidental orgasm or two!"

"You're right! I'm tingling like crazy right now Soph! I just wanna touch my self and cum in your pissy panties so bad!!"

TBC

*117*2018-12-28 17:20

The girls made a hurried exit from the pub. Every step tickling their pussies more as the wet panties tickled against their pissy clits. Soph decided where the girls were going next. She opted for the cinema. She wanted to make both hers and Jess' bladders lovely and full and what better way than going and watching a film with a large soda each!

The bought their tickets and then bought a large lemonade each. Soph knew that the cup was almost as large as her bladder as it was, having already drank 2 large mugs of tea as well it wouldn't be long until she was bursting to pee again.

They settled into their seats. Jess watched as Soph crossed her legs next to her.

"Jess, cross your legs, it squeezes your pissy panties and pussy together and makes your clit throb!"

Jess did as she was told. As she crossed her legs she felt her wet lips squish together crushing her throbbing little clit between them. It also put a lot more emphasis on the feeling of wetness which was seriously starting to make her tingle down below! Throughout the film Soph could notice that Jess was turned on. She kept shuffling around and re-arranging her self. After the first hour she settled for a tightly cross legged sitting position and was wiggling her foot around noticeably.

"Are you ok?" whispered Soph.

"Mhmm, just, these wet panties are tickling quite a lot Soph!"

"So are yours! They have slid right up between my pussy lips and I don't think I want to take them out!"

Jess breathed heavily as her pussy throbbed with excitement. There was her gorgeous girlfriend, sat next to her, with her pissy panties tightly pressed against her clit! How much sexier could she be right now?!

The film finished and both of the girls bladders were really rather full. Soph was trying to think of the next place they could pee, and more importantly where they could change panties! She settled on the shopping center in town. The walk there was heaven, their pussies getting tickled by the now only damp material.

They entered the toilets and again found another disabled toilet big enough for them both to sneak into. This time Jess wanted to pee first. She dived onto the toilet and instantly released her full bladder straight through Soph's damp panties.

"It's so weird watching someone else pee your panties for you!" Soph quipped.

"It feels soooooooo good Soph! My clit is throbbing like crazy right now!"

"I bet it is! It feels so dirty, yet so nice!" Replied Soph.

Jess stood up and watched as Soph settled onto the toilet. She noticed the little damp patch on her own panties, clinging to Sophs delicate pussy. A torrent of pee started to pour through the material. Jess' clit tingled with excitement and she started breathing heavy again. That was how Soph knew she was pleasing her naughty girlfriend. After 40 seconds or so the flow subsided. Soph stood up, shifted her leather skirt out the way, pulled Jess's panties down and handed them to Jess. In return Jess did the same.

Before pulling her own panties back on, this time soaked with jess' pee again, Soph invited Jess to smell her pussy.

"Jess, do you want to see what I smell like? After all, it is your pee that's been soaking my delicate little pussy all morning"

Jess instantly agreed. She squatted down in front of Soph and lifted Soph's skirt. She leaned forward and inhaled. The smell was amazing, it was so dirty yet made her clit throb more than ever. She leaned in closer and gently kissed Soph's pissy lips.

"Mmmm save that for later Jessie! I'm sure I will need a serious licking clean later!"

Jess stood up, pulled her own panties on and felt the pee wet material again cling to her pussy. Soph did the same. Her own panties felt so naughty now they were soaked with Jess' warm pee. Her own clit was throbbing now as well. She couldn't wait to make Jess lick her clean at the end of the day.

*118*2018-12-29 15:46

Having both relieved them selves and traded panties for a second time the girls headed off into the town center to do some shopping. Jess was feeling the horniest she ever had done and was beginning to make her panties wet in more than just the pissy way!

"Soph when we get home I am going to make you cum harder than you ever had before!" Whispered Jess "I'm going to end up cumming in my panties just walking around the shops the way I'm going!"

"You're so dirty Jessie! Shhh people might hear!"

"But I'm a throbbing tingly mess down below and I need relief!"

"Shhhh! Lets do some shopping to take your mind of it a bit."

The girls walked around browsing various different clothes shops. The whole time their delicate pissy pussies tingling with excitement. Ever step meant their wet lips slid past each other, gently tickling their throbbing clits, lubricated by each others warm naughty pee!

They decided to have some lunch and settled in a little cafe. Sat opposite each other and just staring into each others eyes while they were eating. It was hard not to have a little laugh about the situation. At the end of the day, here were two beautiful girls, sat eating lunch, only these girls were both hiding a pissy pair of panties up their skirts and no one had any idea!

"It's mad Jess! I've spent nearly 5 hours with pissy panties on and at no point has it been obvious to anyone else just how ridiculously dirty we are being!"

"I know, I LOVE IT! I'm wearing a leather skirt every day from now on!" Jess replied.

"I know you enjoy it but I'm not licking a pissy pussy clean every night Jess. Just so you know!" Whispered Soph. The thought of having her pussy eaten made Jess tingle and throb again. Her wet panties clinging against her soft pussy flaps.

"How are you little feets Soph? Do they need worshiping?"

It was Soph's turn to tingle down below.

"They are so warm and comfy. But yeah, a little foot worship would probably end up making me tingle a little too much for me to control!"

"Mmmm, I can't wait until we get home then Soph!"

After lunch the girls headed home. The walk was long, around 45 minutes. The entire way both of them getting rubbed and tickled by their wet little panties. Soph offered up another naughty pee opportunity.

"I think we should walk through the forest on the way back. We can pee our panties there as well! This time though, I want you standing up, and I want you to totally fill those little booties with pee Jess!" Soph ordered.

"Yes miss!" Replied Jess jokingly. "I'll definitely need my little feet licked clean now then!"

"You definitely will. Can't have you having pee soaked little toes all evening can we?"

"No Miss. Although I'm sure we can cope with having little pissy pussies all evening, can't we?" Asked Jess.

"Of course Jess. If anything, I insist that we do stay pissy. It's making my clit throb like crazy, and I damn well know you'll taste great this evening if we do!"

Jess tingled inside. Her girlfriend wanted her to keep pissy panties on! This was heaven!

The girls finally reached the forest. Soph pulled her socks down from up over her knees and slid them down inside her boots.

"Don't want people seeing our wet socks do we cutie pie?" Expained Jess.

"No miss, that's a good point!" Jess replied, she too slid her socks lower down into her boots.

They continued walking through the forest. Soph lead the way to one of their previous pee spots. There was no way people could see them in this area, and even if they did there was more than one route out of it so they could make a quick exit if needed.

"Right then Jess. You can go first."

Jess stood, legs firmly together. Soph heard a strong hissing noise as Jess' pussy released the contents of her bladder. Soph watched as the pee trickled down the inside of Jess' legs, glistening in the sun. She peed for around 30 seconds. Almost none of the pee actually reaching the floor.

"My feet, are soaked Sophie!" Jess demonstrated by wiggling her toes in her boots. Soph could hear the pee splashing around her cute little feet and instantly her clit throbbed with excitement.

"How does it feel?"

"Soooo warm and naughty!"

"Perfect, my turn"

Soph stood still, legs clamped together. Again a hissing noise emanated from underneath her leather skirt. Jess watched, clit tingling in her pissy panties as Soph totally soaked her legs and filled her boots with pee.

"You dirty girly!" Jess giggled. "You've ruined those lovely boots! Your poor little feet are all pissy!"

"You love it don't you Jess?"

"Mhmmm" Murmered Jess, unable to string a sentence together as her pussy throbbed and her nipples firmed under her top. "I think I'm gonna cum Soph" She giggled.

"Not yet Jess! Not until I am eating you clean later! Lets get home and get tidied up a bit"

The walk back to their house made both girls very excited. Every step they took they could hear their beautiful little feet splashing around in their pee filled boots. How yummy would those dainty toes be after being soaked? They were both about to find out!

*119*2018-12-29 17:57

The girls finally returned home. It was 5 and a half hours since they had first wet their panties. Both of them were throbbing like crazy down below and Soph was getting mega excited to get Jess' boots off and worship her little feet!

She grabbed Jess by the arm and pulled her into the living room. She pushed her down onto the leather Sofa and began to unzip Jess' knee high boots. Once the zip reached the bottom a big splash of pee drained out and puddled on the flood. She pulled the first boots off to reveal a totally soaked fluffy sock.

"You really did soak your self didn't you Jessie?"

"Mhmmm" She nodded and smiled softly at Soph.

Sophie grabbed the sock and slid it off revealing Jess' beautiful pedicured bare foot. It was glistening with pee. Soph instantly started kissing and licking her soft pee soaked soles. She then tilted her foot forward and sucked each of her delicate pee soaked toes. Jess was getting insanely turned on. Who would have thought having her feet licked would make her even hornier than she already was!

Once the first delicate foot was worshiped she slid Jess' other boot off and began to caress and worship that one as well. As she did this Jess slid her other foot gently up Soph's skirt. She began slowly sliding her toes up and down Soph's sopping wet panties, gently tickling her delicate pussy.

"Ooooh god Jess that feels good! I'm gonna end up squirting on your foot if you keep that up too long!"

Jess giggled and removed her foot. She didn't want Soph tainting her pissy panties with too much squirt! She wanted to lick her pee soaked pussy clean later.

After Jess had finished having both her gorgeous feet worshiped she repayed the favour to Soph. She slid her boots and socks off to reveal her soaking wet little feet and began worshiping them. Jess had always admired how perfect and delicate Sophie's feet were. She always put so much effort into keeping them looking sexy. Soph's eyes rolled. She looked as though she was about to orgasm right there and then!

Once she had finished licking both of Soph's feet clean Jess suggested that they go and clean up their legs and feet properly so they can spend more time around the house without getting pee on everything. Soph agreed and accompanied Jess upstairs to the bathroom where they removed their skirts and gently washed over each others legs and feet using sponges. Both girls were being extremely careful to avoid getting too close to their pissy little pussies.

"Don't touch my pussy Jess! I want that stinky and pissy for you tonight!" Said Soph as Jess' hand ran a little too far up her thigh. "Besides, they don't deserve to be washed do they. Pussies are meant to be pissy, otherwise why would pee come out of them?"

Jess' clit quivered. Her girlfriend really knew how to make her throb!

In return Jess decided to treat Soph's fetish as well. Once they had finished cleaning up she went into the bedroom and came back with 2 pairs of converse. Once Soph's and one pair her own.

"Good job we are both the same size Soph"

"Why?" Replied Soph.

"I'm gonna wear your favorite converse all evening! And I'm going to get my delicate little toes soooo hot and sweaty! You're going to do the same with mine as well!"

Soph felt her pussy tingle with excitement inside her pissy panties. She watched as Jess slid her gorgeous little bare feet into her converse and then followed suit.

"I have my own panties on at the moment Jess. We didn't trade when we wet our boots outside. Wanna switch?"

Jess agreed instantly. She watched as Soph slid her panties down and handed them to her. She noticed Soph's clit obviously swollen with excitement.

"Can... Can I lick you?"

"Noooo Jess! No until tonight! You don't want to spoil it for your self do you?"

"Fine!" Huffed Jess.

She removed her panties and traded with Soph. Once hers were off she looked at her own pussy. Her clit was also swollen like mad and she understood why she was getting tickled by the panties so much!

