The Human's Room

Author: jb2ja

*000*2018-10-10 15:08

The following story contains both male and female desperation and peeing. It is set on an extraterrestrial world inhabited by both humans and another humanoid species.

The Human's Room

=======

Toby and Kyrana had been talking for almost an hour. It was their first time spending any real time together, outside of some idle chatter before or after class, but the two were becoming fast friends—perhaps even more than friends. There was a time when that sort of thing would've been frowned upon, even scandalous. She with her blue skin and antennae, and he with his pink skin and funny ears. But their species weren't so different when you got down to it—two arms, two legs, a head. And people were a lot more forward thinking these days. In truth, no one there in the crowded dining hall of T'Naka College had even taken much notice of the mixed pair, except perhaps with a small measure of envy. What was college for, after all, if not for experimenting?

And if there was to be an experiment, she couldn't have asked for a finer lab partner than Toby. He was tall and muscular, with a broad chest. It was probably safe to say that Human men tended to be superior in that regard to Mictaran men, and Toby was above average even for a Human. If you could get past the glaring lack of antennae, he was really quite handsome. And she was enjoying learning more about him. He'd grown up on a farm in the S'Rolpa district, as so many Humans had. And while one might have expected the life of a farmer to be mundane, it had already become clear that he had quite a few stories of a very different life than the one she'd known growing up.

So much so, in fact, that she'd been ignoring a bit of discomfort in order to stay there to continue hearing those stories. Kyrana had taken no notice of the discrepancy, but whereas Toby had taken only small sips from a water glass that he hadn't even filled to capacity to start with, she had downed a large mug of tea as well as most of a glass of water. It wasn't altogether unusual for her to drink this much fluid with lunch, but normally she visited the restroom before eating, not after. Getting drawn into a conversation with Toby at the end of the previous class had interrupted that routine. The end result of this, of course, was that she could really do with a trip to the little Mictaran's room. But she couldn't very well interrupt their rhythm now. What if they never got it back again? And so Kyrana crossed her legs and ignored the growing fullness in her lower abdomen.

When finally the time seemed to be approaching to say good-bye for now, Kyrana was determined to see him again. "A bunch of us are getting together at my dormitory tonight," she volunteered. "A few drinks, maybe some games, lively conversation—you can come if you want."

"That sounds like fun," Toby smiled.

"T'Para Hall," Kyrana explained, "room 201, say around 700."

"I'll be there," he promised.

With that it was time to say their goodbyes, and not a moment too soon for Kyrana. As much as she had been enjoying her newfound company, there was no denying that all that tea was rapidly making its way to her bladder. She acted nonchalant just long enough for Toby to take a few steps away before makig a beeline for the nearest restroom.

That restroom was clear on the opposite side of the building, of course. And, it being the lunchtime rush, it was perhaps not surprising that she found both stalls occupied when she got there. But she waited patiently. Or as patiently as she could with a bladder that felt like it was full to the brim, ready to spill at the slightest jostle. Her antennae angled in opposite directions, as though trying to twist around one another if only they were long enough to reach. She rocked very gently, alternately extending each leg out to the side while her wait shifted to the other, her firm posterior bobbing side to side with the rhythmic holding pattern.

Kyrana waited less than a minute, although it felt like more than that, before one of the toilets became available and she eagerly hustled in. A small spurt of urine escaped into her clothes before she could get into position. She crossed one knee in front of the other, her torso closer to horizontal than to vertical as she fought desperately to hold it in for just a moment longer. She held her breath, squeezing her sphincter tightly, as she pushed her pants down to her knees. Another spurt escaped during the fraction of a second that her exposed blue bum was still in midair. And then a powerful stream hissed as though ever fiber of her being were devoted in that moment to not only expelling the liquid from her body, but to putting as much distance between her and it as mictaranly possible. No more tea when chatting with hot guys, she thought to herself as her whole body seemed to sigh with relief.

Toby, meanwhile, was approaching the building in which his next class would soon begin. Whereas most of the other students entered the building through the main lobby, presumably also on their way to their respective classes, Toby took a detour around to the back of the building. The local demographics shifted quickly as he rounded the structure. Whereas Mictarans were by far the majority on the campus (and, for that matter, the world), of the approximately 20 people lined up at the small shack there, every single one of them was Human. Toby glanced at his watch. 7 minutes until class. Not enough time to get through a line like that.

This was no surprise, of course. On the contrary, Toby would've been surprised if he had in fact gotten an opportunity to relieve the slight tingling in his bladder. He'd pretty well forfeited that opportunity by taking such a long lunch with Kyrana. Still, you couldn't blame the guy for checking. He was about to sit down for a 3-hour lecture. It would've been nice to take a leak first.

And so, after waving to acknowledge a friend around the middle of the line, Toby turned around, entered the classroom building, and climbed up the stairs toward the venue for the upcoming classic literature lecture.

Perhaps it would have been more accurate to title the course classic Mictarian literature. The so-called "classic" period was a time before Humans had even arrived on this world, although that made little difference to Toby. His parents, his grandparents, his great-grandparents—everyone he'd ever known and everyone they'd ever known—had been born on Mictara. In truth, the stories that were passed down of a world called Earth seemed far more alien to him than Mictara did. It was said that Earth had a smaller companion, a "moon," that circled high above it, so massive that at night you could see it very clearly with only the naked eye. It sounded unsettling to Toby, as though one day it might just fall down and crush an entire continent. With dangers like that, it was little wonder that his ancestors had to find a new home.

The base of Toby's penis tingled only moderately as he took his seat, signaling a bladder that was filling but not full. He'd be uncomfortable by the end of class, no doubt, but he wasn't particularly anxious about it. The reality was that Toby did without a midday pee more often than not. This was just another day in the life of a Human. And for the first half of the lecture, Toby managed mostly to forget the discomfort growing between his legs.

"Let's take a ten minute break," the professor announced at about the hallway point of their three hours. Most of the students got up to stretch. Some congregated, smoking in the hallway. Some turned and headed toward the Mictaran toilets just around the corner, where they would no doubt find little to no wait. Toby envied then a little as getting up out of his chair served to hustle his bladder, calling his attention back to a bladder than was now moving past the merely tingling state.

"Line count, sixteen," the Humans quietly passed the news amongst themselves. A couple of them made haste to join that queue before it got any longer. Sixteen wasn't a half bad count, but there was no way they'd be back without missing at least a little bit of the lecture. Not an ideal solution, but if they really had no choice but to go then at least the break reduced the amount of class time they'd to miss. Toby had certainly been in that position before. Sometimes, no matter how careful you tried to be to avoid it, you just had to piss. And whereas a Mictaran in sufficiently dire straits might be able to make do by slipping behind a tree or around a quiet corner, nature had been a bit less kind to the Humans.

You see, for reasons that still weren't well understood, even after well over a century of Humans living on Mictara, Human urine was simply fundamentally incompatible with this planet and the life on it. For decades after their arrival, Humans were effectively confined to their village, the only place in the world with a waste management system that could break their urine down into something harmless. It must've seemed for a while there that no substance found on Mictara could withstand contact with Human urine.

It would burn through anything it touched, seep into the ground and kill nearby plants, even imbue the air with an acid gas if left standing for any period of time—although this was, admittedly, difficult to do when the fluid so readily burned through its container. As the Humans spread out to tend enough farmland to sustain themselves, stories tell of as many as four or five households sharing a single toilet facility built of what little Earth metal they'd brought with them from their old world.

Eventually, of course, the correct metallurgy was developed, and Human-compatible toilets could be built from local materials. But to this day it was an expensive process that easily cost twenty times that of building a comparable Mictaran toilet—more, if you counted all the testing and paperwork that went into certification.

At first, the few Human students in attendance at T'Naka used to walk to school from the nearby Human housing, carefully metering their water intake to get through the day's classes and get home before their bladders reached their limits. But, as Human enrollment at the college increased (to the chagrin of some Mictarans who didn't think very highly of their children learning alongside "Poison Pissers"), the incident rate started to climb. Trees and shrubs died. Buildings incurred costly structural damage. Sometimes the offenders were caught and held responsible for the damages, but unless someone witnessed the act, it was hard to build a strong legal case. Eventually, the administration had little choice but to find the money to install a Human-safe toilet.

The shack out back was the first on campus. In the present day, a second one had come to exist in the basement of T'Linka Hall. Sometimes called "the Human hall" by Mictarans and Humans alike, T'Linka was the smallest and oldest of the five dormitories on the T'Naka campus. The basement bedrooms housed the campus's first Human resident students, who paid a modest "sanitation" fee on top of the regular housing fees paid by Mictaran residents. Eventually, the entire building filled with humans. Overfilled, in fact. Whereas the building was originally equipped with three Mictaran toilets to service its full capacity of intended occupants, they were now crowding three Humans into bedrooms built for two, with still just the one Human-rated toilet to serve all of them. The Mictaran restrooms still remained, for the most part, still used by the Humans for non-urinary activities. At least they didn't have to stand in line to brush their teeth.

In any event, Toby passed the latter half of his lecture in an increasing state of discomfort. He tucked his penis down between his legs. It helped to keep his member stowed securely. Somehow, a penis that felt like it was flapping around in the breeze always seemed to have a harder time understanding why it couldn't just let loose—an instinct that probably served his species better back on Earth than it did here.

By the time the literature lecture ended, Toby was definitely looking forward to a visit to the little Human's room. That didn't mean he could proceed directly to the toilet now, of course, for as much as a Mictaran in the same position would've thought that to be the obvious solution. Toby had a schedule to keep, and he wasn't about to be late to Kyrana's because he'd spent half an hour in line pursuing an unscheduled leak. He had time for precisely one pee between now and his visit with Kyrana, and the later that pee happened the later he'd need to go again—and, therefore, the later he could stay with her. It wouldn't very well do to interrupt their time together just because he needed a wee. So Toby proceeded to the dining hall, grabbed himself a sandwich to eat whilst he walked, and proceeded to Human Hall to get on with the night's events.

First and foremost, Toby had an essay due in the next morning's class. Thankfully, he'd already composed most of it and needed to do little more than convert his scribble to a proper typewritten document. Typewriting, at least, didn't require much clarity of thought in his distracted state.

And distracted he most definitely was. Normally, in the absence of any midday relief, a much-needed pee would be at the top of his to-do list by this time of the evening. But normally Toby didn't have an invitation to the dormitory of a blue-skinned beauty with a body like no Human girl's. So Toby continued to typewrite. He started in a seated position. Then he advanced to a sort of semi-standing position with one leg resting on his seat while the other was planted on the floor. By the end, it seemed half the sentences were typed with only one hand, the other fidgeting uncomfortably with his troubled genitalia. It was a good thing his roommates weren't in. In total, he made a number of typographical errors along the way, pulling out correction tape for some of them, deciding he'd address others in the morning if there was time. Being done was more important than being perfect right now.

Then it was time for a shower. At least this doesn't involve waiting in line too, Toby thought as the water washed down his muscled chest, some of it running down his abdomen and across the length of his penis before dropping to the drain. It rather looked like he was peeing, a somewhat cruel reminder of what he very much wanted to be doing right now. He squeezed his penis for a moment, lifting his left leg as though trying to adjust the pants he was no longer wearing, took a slow breath, and continued.

This wasn't the first time that water cascaded over his body while he fought the urge to make water of his own. But if he were to be completely honest right now, Toby might admit that he was starting to get a little anxious. Perhaps it would've been wiser to be a little late to Kyrana's party. He knew his limits pretty well, and he knew he wasn't there yet. But there was always a certain unpredictability to this sort of thing. Some days, the body just seemed determined to make more pee than others.

And right now Toby was rolling the dice to see just how quickly his body went from bad to worse. And there was a fair amount at stake. Having an accident was, after all, rather a big deal for a Human. And property damage was only the half of it. When one Human made a mistake, it made all of them look bad. And so there was some level of caution that they all expected each other to exert. Toby tried to finish his shower as quickly as possible. This wasn't the time to worry about scrubbing behind his ears.

Having turned off the water, Toby toweled off his genitals quickly and then wrapped his lower body. He'd learned to bring a second towel for the rest of his body under circumstances like these. He didn't need the air nipping at his penis any longer than necessary.

With just enough time left on the clock, Toby was finally dressed and in the queue for his first pee in about twelve hours. He chatted amiably with his linemates. Occasionally you'd see someone with their nose in a book whilst in line, trying to attend to their studies, but for the most part it was too distracting a place to get any real work done. In a way, the queue was the social center of the dormitory. It was here that they talked about their days, traded tips on how to succeed in their classes, grumbled about their professors, and made plans for the weekends. On a bad day, that queue might get thirty people deep or more, which made for quite the social interchange but would not have done any favors for a young man who had prioritized his pursuit of a young woman over emptying his bladder for a bit longer than he should have. Fortunately for Toby, today was not one of those days. It wasn't long before he found himself at Kyrana's dormitory.

It was a small, intimate affair. Kyrana, a few of her friends, some of their significant others. Toby was the only Human in attendance, but Kyrana stayed close and was careful to involve him in the conversation. Especially with a few drinks to lubricate the interaction, Humans and Mictarans weren't really so different from one another. They came from a somewhat different background with somewhat different life experiences, but their two peoples had lived alongside each other for a century.

They'd come a long way from the early years in which Mictaran parents used to tell their children to stay clear of the Humans, that if you looked at them the wrong way they were liable to sneak up on you in your sleep and pee on you—either to permanently brand you with a symbol of shame so that other humans would know what you had done, or simply to burn you to death, depending on how gruesome the teller of this tall tale was feeling at the time. In truth, of course, there was no documented case of such an attack ever happening.

No talk of that sort arose on that evening. In fact, no one directly said the words Human or Mictaran at all. For that night, they were all just people who enjoyed drinking together. Toby, of course, had to be careful not to enjoy the drinking too much. Whereas the others all excused themselves at one point or another to visit the toilet (some of them multiple times), Toby had no such luxury. He allowed himself one drink per hour. But the Mictarans had no sense of how alcohol affected a Human anyway. For all they knew, that was the Human equivalent of their larger imbibements.

Even at his measured pace, though, that was five drinks by the time people started to disappear to go to bed. Five drinks in and nothing out. One didn't have to be a biology major to understand why Toby was beginning to look forward to getting back to Human Hall. He was just about to say good-bye and thank you for the invitation when Kyrana threw a wrench in his plan.

"Have you ever had a K'Tarian Sunrise?," she asked him.

"No," he answered honestly. "What's in it?"

"I've got the ingredients in my room," she smiled. "Come on, I'll make you one."

Toby wavered for a moment. Another drink was not entirely what his body needed right then. But Kyrana seemed disappointed at his hesitation. This wasn't about the drink. He'd been invited to her room, her private space. It was a significant gesture.

"Well, maybe just a small one," he agreed.

And so she led him up to her room and unlocked the door for him.

"Have a seat on the bed," she told him, "I'll be back in two minutes—I just have to pee really bad, sorry." Kyrana curtseyed with a slightly pained look on her face—whether from bursting to pee or from being so rude as to leave her guest unattended, Toby didn't know. She disappeared down the hall as Toby went inside.

Toby really could've done with a trip to the little Human's room himself. But that would've been at least a twenty-minute round trip, and that was assuming there was miraculously no line. No, Toby had every intention of being there when Kyrana returned.

It was quite a nice room, too. Toby had never realized how much better the accomodations were in the other dormitories. Far from the overcrowding of the Human dorm, where three beds were squeezed awkwardly into a space they barely fit, this dorm evidently had sufficient vacancies for Kyrana to enjoy a private room entirely to herself.

He didn't have to wait for her very long. The perks of being Mictaran, Tony thought as his bladder pulsed slightly in objection to the inequality.

Kyrana handed Toby a Sunrise. He took a sip to be polite. It was actually pretty good.

"That's a very interesting flavor," Toby remarked, setting the drink down so that he wouldn't be tempted to overdo it.

Toby did his very best to continue the conversation for another twenty minutes or so before he could no longer delude himself about it being time to leave. This was the second time today that his bladder had felt like it was stretched to its limit in the name of getting to know Kyrana. He'd gotten to know her now, and burning a whole through her mattress wasn't going to earn him any points.

"I should really get going," Toby told her, "Thank you for a lovely evening."

"You don't want to finish your Sunrise?," Kyrana looked a little disappointed.

"It's delicious, but I, uh... really shouldn't have any more alcohol tonight," he responded with a slightly evasive version of the truth. Despite the fact that Kyrana had essentially made the same admission when they first got to her room, Toby couldn't quite bring himself to admit to her that he too had to piss out all those beverages he'd taken in. Humans didn't talk about such things with Mictarans. Humans didn't give them any reason to think that they couldn't be trusted to contain themselves while walking about in civilized society. It was okay if a Mictaran needed to pee. It wasn't okay if he did. "But we should do something again," Toby added quickly, recognizing that it was his turn to do the inviting. "Lunch tomorrow?," he asked.

"That sounds great," Kyrana smiled and kissed him good-bye. Her lips made the most electric sensation against Toby's. He'd never felt anything like it before.

Back outside, the cool night air didn't do him any favors as it permeated his thin clothes and tickled at his private regions. He wasn't normally out and about so late at night. The Humans usually congregated in their own dorm, for obvious reasons. He'd have to remember to bring warmer clothes next time.

Arriving at Human Hall, Toby wasted no time in proceeding directly to the basement. Things were really getting bad. This was worse than in the shower earlier. He was running out of time, and he knew it.

There were only three people ahead of him in line--which, even so late at night, was an unusually agreeable turn of events. He thanked his lucky stars as he took careful steps to join the line.

"Where have you been?," Alara, in her pajamas, eyed him suspiciously.

"Party," Toby replied briefly, resisting the urge to fidget while he was the subject of scrutiny.

"A Mictaran party?," her eyes widened. She lowered her voice to a whisper and leaned in to ask the obvious follow-on. "With alcohol?!"

"A little bit," Toby admitted, trying to sound calm and cool and not about to piss himself.

The Humans were a bit divided in their opinions about alcohol. Some thought it was okay as long as you were careful. Some thought that anything that unnecessarily increased demand for the toilet showed a disregard for the shared resource and a cavalier attitude toward accidents. Still, it wasn't as though that basement had never seen a Human party with alcohol.

"Looks like it was a good night for it too," Toby remarked, gesturing at the two people in front of her. "The line is nice and short."

"True," Alara conceded, seemingly slightly annoyed that Toby's indiscretion was so fortuitously timed. Perhaps some part of her wanted to see him dance, see him admit he'd misjudged the situation, see him ask if he could please please please cut in front of her just this once and he'd never drink alcohol again.

But Toby was determined to at least pretend that he was in control. And it was quickly growing harder to keep up the charade. Toby tried to take a slow, deep breath to calm himself. Alara looked away for a moment, distracted by someone emerging from the bathroom. Toby seized the opportunity to adjust his penis without her noticing.

There were now only two more people ahead of him in the line—Alara and another girl. Just a few more minutes, Toby told himself. He was almost there.

But almost wasn't good enough. Toby had to piss. Now. He felt it slip past his sphincter and into his long urethra. He tried to squeeze himself in a desperate bid to keep it in just a moment longer, but it was too late. A faint sizzling sound emanated from his pants. A hole the size of an eraser head burned through his pants, the result of the tiniest drop escaping his control.

"Maybe you don't have the alcohol as under control as you thought," Alara told him with the faintest tone of superiority. But she wasn't without sympathy. Waiting was hard sometimes. They'd all been there. "Priority," she announced softly to the girl ahead of her as she pushed Toby gently to the front of the line, saving Toby the embarrassment of having to explain the situation himself.

Arguments over the exact rules might erupt from time to time, and there was undoubtedly some sense of shame associated with being in that predicament, but virtually every Human was agreed on the basic premise: You could argue about how they got into that situation later, but while the emergency was at hand, anyone losing containment had priority over the queue.

Later that night, Toby sat on his bed, sewing a new patch over the crotch of his pants. In sophisticated circles, one tried to make it look like a stylistic adornment on the pants, a deliberate embellishment. But at the end of the day most Humans had evidence of some sort of repair work at the center of most of their trousers. As if their skintone and their funny noses didn't make them stand out enough in Mictaran society, they had to walk around in clothes that announced to the world that they weren't even in control of those funny looking bodies.

Alara was right, though, and Toby knew it. Next time, he chided himself silently, I have to go easier on the alcohol.

*005*2018-10-11 00:10

You're right that I don't find time to write very often, but I too would like to think we'll see more of Toby and Kyrana eventually.

*010*2018-12-21 11:02

{{On 12/10/2018 at 7:57 PM, Quackduck said:

Can I write a story using original characters in your universe?

I’d give you credit, of course.

}}

I think the Mictaran world is fair game. In addition to your proposal of inventing your own characters and citing this original work, I would ask that you not use the phrase "the human's room" in your title to avoid confusion with any sequels I might write in future.

