Tutoring Seemed Fun I Guess

Author: Johnny Voodoo

*000*2022-03-18 18:45

Just bouncing some ideas around, let me know what you think?

While Sydney appreciated the help, mandatory weekend tutoring sessions were not how she planned spending her Sundays when the semester began. Being a volleyball player was hard enough on the court, but off the court was where Sydney was really struggling. And, alas, she found herself opening the door to the academic center for the third week in a row.

Sydney followed the corridor down to her assigned study room and walked in, realizing she was a couple minutes early. She decided to take advantage of the time by refilling her water bottle and stopping by the restroom. These tutoring sessions did tend to run long after all!

Sydney knew where the bathrooms were, and as she turned the corner, the sign which read, “Restroom”, caught her eye. Ever so slightly, Sydney sped up how fast she was walking. Before entering the room where her relief could be found, however, Sydney decided to refill her water bottle.

The lid to her water bottle squeaked as she hastily unscrewed the lid. She quickly shifted her weight from her right foot to her left before placing the metal container underneath the water dispenser. Sydney jammed the button to start dispensing water, eagerly looking forward to her chance at using the facilities which were just a few feet past her.

The sound of water trickling surprised her at first, forcing Sydney to suddenly cross her legs. With her legs still crossed, she bobbed up and down, ever so slightly. She sheepishly looked around, hoping to avoid sharing her desperate movements with anyone else. It was a relief when she found no witnesses. Once Sydney could feel her water bottle getting heavier, she began to screw the lid back on. Her chance to use the bathroom was here!

But maybe the tutor had a different idea?

Anyone interested in more?

*001*2022-03-18 20:53

Aaron was great at two things, tutoring and walking around quietly. Like really quietly. Some people even think he's been trained as a ninja. But that’s really not the point.

Aaron checked the time on his dashboard before he cut the engine off on his car, he was running a few minutes behind. He secured the straps of his backpack around his shoulders and made way towards the academic center. As he cleared his thoughts, he remembered he only had two people in his class today, which made things much easier.

He continued to speed walk through the entrance of the academic center, only stopping when he saw one of his students.

“Hey Sydney, how was your weekend?”

Sydney turned completely around, towards the direction of the voice. Her mind was in a completely different place as she had begun to picture the relief a toilet would give her, envisioning a bathroom stall opening up in her mind. She hadn’t even heard anyone coming!

“Oh, hi, Aaron…” she replied, clearly surprised.

After the immediate shock wore off, she quickly crossed her legs on the spot, as nonchalantly as possible. Of all times he needed to walk in…

“You ready to start?” Aaron asked cheerily, beginning to walk away from the bathrooms and towards the study room.

Sydney’s legs were tightly crossed and she stood frozen for a second, thinking. See, a normal person would reply, “No, I need a minute”, or maybe, “I need to go to the bathroom first!”

Yet here Sydney was, a mere couple feet away from relief, too shy to consider saying anything other than, “Of course, let’s go!”

*002*2022-03-18 21:00

Her entire body immediately regretted the decision. As Aaron fully turned his body to walk towards the study room, Sydney shifted her weight from foot to foot rapidly, left to right, right to left. Oh, how she just wished she would have just spoken up.

She took a deep breath and composed herself as best she could. Walking slowly and carefully behind Aaron, she tried her best to assert that she was in control of her bladder, and not the other way around.

They followed the same corridor and eventually reached the study room. Aaron held the door open for Sydney, noting her awkward shuffle through the doorway. Sydney continued pressing her legs as close together as possible while she sat herself down where she had previously laid out her belongings.

“It’s good to see you Robert,” Aaron said to the other student in the room.

Robert and Aaron made some small talk while they both pulled out their laptops and other belongings. Only a couple feet away from them sat Sydney, with a pair of tightly crossed legs underneath her desk that desperately fought against the growing temptation to bounce up and down. Sydney had to make sure no one knew how desperate she was… and had to hold it the rest of the tutoring session, but it seemed impossible! She knew she was fighting a losing battle, as the urge to pee continued to get stronger and stronger. Crossing her legs wasn’t providing enough relief, she needed something more!

Aaron worked his way to the front of the small and compact study room. He was surprised by their size at first, fashioned with only four total desks and a whiteboard hung up on one of the walls. There was also a small table near the front. Placing his laptop down on that table, he began to write down content on the whiteboard. But, for some reason, he couldn’t stop seeing something from the corner of his eye…

As hard as Sydney fought, it wasn’t long before she began to give into desperate temptations and began fidgeting around. At first it had started subtle, as she would fight her hardest to only readjust the positioning of her legs roughly once a minute, remaining as still as possible for the rest. However, with each passing second, the fidgeting became harder and harder to conceal. Sydney knew her dreams of hiding her bursting bladder were running out of time. She began to not only cross, but recross, uncross and cross her legs again as her need to pee continued to grow throughout the tutoring session. She was used to sweating from volleyball, not sitting in a classroom!

It seemed as if she couldn’t keep still for longer than ten seconds. But those ten seconds, those ten seconds were something else. For those ten seconds, she would fight her absolute hardest not to fidget around. Sucking in air, squeezing her legs as tightly shut as possible, tensing her muscles to their absolute maximum, anything to slow down her screamingly obvious pee dance.

But even after mustering up all her might, her body would fail and resort to resuming its desperate dance after just ten, short seconds. That was, until she repeated the process, over and over again, sucking in air but lasting just a little bit less than she did each time before.

Sydney continued her desperate seated tango and fought to do anything to take a small bit of pressure off of her achingly full bladder. Her brain was working in overdrive, completely prioritizing holding back the contents of her bladder. It took her longer than she would have liked to realize that Aaron was continually glancing over at her while trying to teach.

Her ears turned a bright shade of red, as she realized how obvious she was being about her current situation. She had to stop fidgeting around as much as she was.

But how?

Whenever she stopped for a moment, the threat of spilling her bladder contents everywhere immediately forced her back into shifting around like crazy. She knew that if she stopped it would all be over and her seat would get soaked in a hurry.

Ok, enough was enough. This was starting to get ridiculous. Sydney was actively doing a seated pee dance, groaning through gritted teeth as she tried her best to seem like everything was normal. She had to go pee, now!

*004*2022-03-19 17:52

Thanks for reading! Adding in the next part:

Aaron flipped the powerpoint slide on his laptop and continued to write on the board. At this point it was glaringly obvious that Sydney needed to go to the bathroom, but for some reason she just wouldn’t ask. He had thought that maybe she was just fidgety at first, but no one moved around that much for no reason.

He discreetly tried to peer over at her again, and immediately saw her legs moving in place like she was running a marathon. Was this some volleyball workout that he was missing out on? Aaron decided to stop gazing and began discussing the next topic…

“May I please go to the bathroom!?” Sydney blurted out, interrupting Aaron mid sentence.

Suddenly, Sydney became the center of attention in the room. Four eyes focused in on one bursting college volleyball player, who was shaking in place with effort as she tried to hide her desperation as best as she could. She was absolutely frantic, brow covered in sweat and her eyes continually darting to the door, where her escape to the bathroom lied.

Aaron seemed almost dumbfounded by the question at first. She had waited all this time and now she was going to go? Why had she just not gone earlier? Why put herself through this torture?

“No, you can’t,” Aaron said, his usual response to when he was tutoring.

Sydney’s hands immediately flew to her crotch. There was no time for decency, she had to go right now! She couldn’t take no for an answer! All the pee inside her body was screaming to get out! She bounced her legs up and down with new vigor. She didn’t come all this way just to pee herself!

“Please, I don’t think you understand…” Sydney stood up from her seated position at her desk, preparing to make a desperate dash to the toilet.

Her hands were glued to her crotch, as she knew letting go meant emptying her bladder on the floor. Her legs continued to teach a geometry class, making all sorts of different angles. Bouncing on the spot, she awaited Aaron's response. Oh, why wouldn’t he just let her go already? Each second felt like an eternity to Sydney, her eyes darting from Aaron to the door, knowing her relief was closer through it. She was running out of time, and fast.

“Aaron, please let me pee. Aaron, I’m going to-” Sydney was begging at this point. She just couldn't wait for Aaron to take his own sweet time responding.

Completely out of breath from desperately dancing around, Aaron could hardly make out the words she was saying. Aaron’s gaze fixated on Sydney as she stared into his eyes; pleading, begging, almost praying for him to say the magic words and let her go. He felt like he almost had too much power in this situation.

“Sydney, I was joking! You don’t have to ask - I’m not a high school teacher,” Aaron responded, feeling bad that Sydney had taken him so literally. He had told that joke enough times where he thought she would have gotten it.

Sydney could see Aaron’s mouth moving, but it was like a video with no sound was playing. She was so locked in, so focused, that her brain was completely disregarding anything that wasn’t her overfilled bladder. Sydney continued to add more moves to her pee dance, awkwardly dancing around in each direction.

After a moment, she registered what Aaron said and quickly responded, “Oh…” her voice trailing off as turned around.

Walking around was much harder than sitting, and she was already struggling with that! Sydney proceeded to walk as fast as she could, with at least one hand permanently buried in her crotch while she made sure to keep her legs as close together as possible. She figured Robert and Aaron already knew she had to pee, no need to hide it in front of them.

After she left the study room was a different question, however. Sydney could already hear the voices of other students in the main lobby of the academic center, right where the bathrooms were. The thought of pee dancing her way through a busy lobby filled with people she knew mortified her.

“Believe it or not, I think she might have needed to pee,” Robert said jokingly as the door shut.

“I think you might be right,” Aaron chuckled, “We’ll wait for her to get back.”

Sydney hastily shut the door to the study room with only one thing on her mind, the answer to question 3 on the review packet. Just kidding, the bathroom.

Specifically what would really help her out right now was a toilet, as she knew the white seat could bring an end to her writhing desperation. She craved to read the “Restroom” sign again, as it indicated her relief was close. She longed to hear the reassuring flush after she emptied her bladder, almost confirming her relief. It was all so close, she knew exactly where to go now! Her chance to use the bathroom was now here!

But maybe the tutor had a different idea?

Let me know what you think so far or have any suggestions!

*005*2022-03-19 18:49

Adding in another part:

This was the fourth time Sydney had walked down the same corridor. Yet each time she walked down it, her bladder was filled even more. While previously Sydney had been able to compose herself walking after Aaron, she no longer had close to that level of control. Sydney “walked” with her rear sticking back, hands buried in her crotch. Each step felt like someone was kicking her directly in the stomach. Her progress was slow, but she could hear the voices getting louder. She knew her relief was getting closer. She just had one problem, how could she get past everyone without… without looking like this? She had already been lucky enough not to see anyone walking right now.

Sydney's desperate battle continued down the corridor. Each step was like a battle in a long war, a war that Sydney had to win. And finally, slowly but surely, she had reached the end of the corridor. Sydney paused for a moment and leaned on the wall to her right for support. A couple more steps would lead her to the opening of the lobby, which was filled by roughly a dozen people. It was now or never.

The plan was simple, in theory: Sydney needed to muster up all her remaining strength and make a desperate last charge to the toilets, all while keeping her hands away from her crotch. She had no intention of letting the lobby know the state of her bladder, and wanted to keep her dignity walking past everyone.

There was only one problem … it seemed impossible. Sydney winced hard as she squeezed her crotch again. Even with both hands sunk deep in her crotch and her legs crossed in her favor, it seemed like making it another minute without peeing herself would be a miracle, much less making it to the bathroom.

She couldn’t waste any more time. This was it. Sydney shook her head in anticipation and gave her crotch one final squeeze as she breathed in sharply. She released the iron tight grip of her hands from her crotch and began her last charge of relief.

The added pressure she felt immediately was crushing. She looked down at her stomach as she almost expected someone to be pushing down on it. Her knees had nearly buckled at first, completely unprepared for the pure force of pee desperately pleading to escape her body. But she endured through, she had to.

“Do you think she's ok? It’s already been like ten minutes.” Robert asked back in the study room.

“I guess we’ll find out sooner or later. She did leave all her stuff here,” Aaron gestured at Sydney’s laptop and backpack, which laid underneath a desk.

The first few steps were ok. Maybe she could do this. Her steps were short and quick. Her arms could not remain still at her sides, with her hands constantly tapping at her thighs. But she was doing it, she really could make it! Sydney looked up when … she made her first mistake.

The entrance to the bathroom reached out and teased her, immediately applying even more pressure on Sydney’s poor bladder. Sydney had no other choice and grimaced as her hands immediately flew to her crotch while she resumed the desperate pose she was sporting while walking through the hallway. It was either this or piss herself. So much for her plan.

She closed her eyes and gritted her teeth, focusing as hard as she could. Sydney felt a leak coming and knew she had to stop it. But could she? It wasn't just her that wondered. The lobby full of people watched the volleyball player's desperate plight with interest.

Sydney took a deep breath in and squeezed her legs shut harder than ever before, pushing her body to its absolute maximum. She didn't care, she was going to do everything she could to stay dry in front of the lobby. She immediately doubled down on her efforts, gripping and squeezing her crotch with both hands with a sharp level of intensity. Sydney's backup plan was in effect: Do everything she possibly could to not piss herself in front of a dozen people. Easier said than done.

Let me know what you think!

*006*2022-03-19 20:29

The finale:

What stood in front of Sydney was the final haul. She found herself standing close to where she was earlier, right in front of the entrance of the bathroom... before Aaron had got in the way. She thought back to when he had asked her if she was ready to go. And how she just crossed her legs and figured she could hold it.

Never would she have imagined it would have led to all of this. Led to her brow being covered in sweat while fighting back the desperate urge to empty her bladder contents… to giving her tutor a front row seat to a pee dance… to squeezing her crotch and bobbing up and down in front of a crowd of onlookers. Removing one hand quickly from her crotch, Sydney groaned in effort as she opened the door to the bathroom.

Sydney carefully entered through the doorway, her right hand joining the left to help her hold back the impending flood trying to leave her body. Immediately, she could feel her hands start to get wet. She was leaking, and fast.

Sydney groaned aloud, immediately stopping in her tracks. So close yet so far. The toilets were right there, she could almost see them!

She had to slow down the leak. She bobbed up and down like her life depended on it, biting down on her lip in effort as well. Her face screamed of pure desperation, as she waged another battle in the war over her bladder. All she had wanted to do today was pee, but fate just wouldn’t allow it.

She pulled her body forward with what strength she had left, her body still screaming for relief. She couldn’t remember the last time she felt like she was going to piss herself! She reached the entrance of the first stall in the bathroom and hurriedly pushed against the door, praying for it to be unlocked. It wasn't her lucky day.

She heard a voice say, "occupied", from the other side of the stall.

Sydney immediately let out a groan as she leaked again. She was at the very end of her rope, hanging on by a bare thread. She grimaced and twisted her legs in a knot for the thousandth time, slowing her leaking down for a second time. It took all her effort to force her body to stop itself from fully releasing all the pee stored in her bladder, and she knew there wouldn't be a third time.

It was simply a miracle she hadn’t pissed herself yet. She forced her body forward to the second stall in the bathroom, but paused for a second.

She knew this was the only stall left in the bathroom… What if it was locked too? She couldn’t hold on for another ten seconds, much less wait for someone inside. This was it. Her fingers squeezed her soaked crotch, she knew her panties had to have been soaked. If the stall was locked, she might just let go right here. Right in front of the stall.

Her arm anxiously reached out to push the door of the stall. Her mind racing, praying that the door would be open… and the door flung open.

Sydney’s time for relief had come. Her eyes immediately made contact with what she had been looking for, yearning for, for what felt like an eternity. The toilet. Her legs moved forward hastily now, she knew her relief was close.

She had a final problem. One last obstacle to prevent her from having what she so desired: neededing to remove her hands from her crotch to pull down her pants. Tears welled up in her eyes as she knew the pressure would be unbearable when she removed her grip, but she had to. In a swift movement she removed her hands from her crotch and they flew to her hip, where they desperately tugged at the side of her skin tight choice of leg wear. She would rip them in half for all she cared right now, just let her pee! For a moment she thought she was stuck. She couldn’t get them to budge. She cried out in agony. This was torture!

Tears welling up in her eyes, she knew the pressure would be next to unbearable the moment she removed the grip of her fingers from her crotch. But she had no other choice. In one swift movement, she hands flew from her crotch to her hip, where they immediately began to desperately tug at the side of her skin tight choice of leg wear. She pleaded with her pants out loud, begging for them to come down.

"Please... please... I can't hold it any longer..." she whispered as she pulled and pulled.

She would rip these damn pants in half for all she cared right now, just let her pee!

They wouldn’t budge. She cried out in agony. This was torture!

But finally, Sydney forced her pants past her waist. She had escaped the prison stopping her getting to her relief. Sitting down as quickly as possible, she didn’t bother to remove her panties, they were soaked already. The plan was successful, she had done it. She couldn’t help but smile in relief as the contents of her bladder emptied into the toilet bowl below her. Sydney could finally think straight after what felt like hours.

Any suggestions / ideas for the future let me know!

*007*2022-03-19 21:28

Here's the whole story all together (with a few minor edits), hope you enjoy!

Tutoring Seemed Fun I Guess

While Sydney appreciated the help, mandatory weekend tutoring sessions were not how she planned spending her Sundays when the semester began. Being a volleyball player was hard enough on the court, but off the court was where Sydney was really struggling. And, alas, she found herself opening the door to the academic center for the third week in a row. Sydney followed the corridor down to her assigned classroom and walked in, realizing she was a couple minutes early. She decided to take advantage of the time by refilling her water bottle and stopping by the restroom. These tutoring sessions did tend to run long after all!

As Sydney turned the corner, the sign which read “Restroom” caught her eye. Ever so slightly, Sydney sped up how fast she was walking. Before entering the room where her relief could be found, however, Sydney decided to refill her water bottle. The lid to her water bottle squeaked as she hastily unscrewed the lid. She quickly shifted her weight from her right foot to her left before placing the metal container underneath the water dispenser. Sydney jammed the button to start dispensing water, eagerly looking forward to her chance at using the facilities which were just a few feet away from her.

The sound of water trickling surprised her at first, forcing Sydney to suddenly cross her legs. With her legs still crossed, she bobbed up and down, ever so slightly. She sheepishly looked around, hoping to avoid sharing her desperate movements with anyone else. It was a relief when she found no witnesses. Once Sydney could feel her water bottle getting heavier, she began to screw the lid back on. Her chance to use the bathroom was now here!

Aaron was great at two things, tutoring and walking around quietly. Like really quietly. Some people even think he's been trained as a ninja. But that’s really not the point.

Aaron checked the time on his dashboard before he cut the engine off on his car; he was running a few minutes behind. After securing the straps of his backpack around his shoulders, he made way towards the academic center. He cleared his thoughts, remembering he only had two people in his class today, making things much simpler.

He continued to speed walk through the entrance of the academic center, only stopping when he saw one of his students.

“Hey Sydney, how was your weekend?”

Sydney turned completely around, towards the direction of the noise. Her mind was in a completely different place as she had begun to picture the relief a toilet would give her, envisioning a bathroom stall opening up in her mind. She hadn’t even heard anyone coming!

“Oh, hi, Aaron…” she replied, clearly surprised.

After the immediate shock wore off, she quickly crossed her legs on the spot, as nonchalantly as possible. Of all times he needed to walk in…

“Are you ready to start?” Aaron asked, beginning to walk away from the bathrooms and towards the study room.

Sydney’s legs were tightly crossed and she stood frozen for a second, thinking. See, a normal person would reply, “No, I need a minute” or maybe, “I need to go to the bathroom first!” Yet here Sydney was, a mere couple feet away from relief, being too shy to consider saying anything other than, “Of course, let’s go!”

Her entire body immediately regretted the decision. As Aaron fully turned his body to walk towards the study room, Sydney shifted her weight from foot to foot rapidly, left to right, right to left. Oh, how she wished she would have just spoken up.

She took a deep breath and composed herself as best she could. Walking slowly and carefully behind Aaron, she tried her best to assert that she was in control of her bladder, not the other way around.

They followed the same corridor and eventually reached the study room. Aaron held the door open for Sydney, noting her awkward shuffle through the doorway. Sydney continued pressing her legs as close together as possible while she sat herself down where she had previously laid out her belongings.

“It’s good to see you Robert,” Aaron said to the other student in the room.

Robert and Aaron made some small talk while they both pulled out their laptops and other belongings. Only a couple feet away from them sat Sydney, with a pair of tightly crossed legs that desperately fought the growing urge of bouncing up and down.

Sydney had to make sure no one knew how desperate she was… and had to hold it the rest of the tutoring session, it seemed impossible! She knew she was fighting a losing battle, as the urge to pee continued to get stronger and stronger. Crossing her legs wasn’t providing enough relief, she needed something more!

Aaron worked his way to the front of the small and compact study room. He was surprised by their size at first, fashioned with only four total desks and a whiteboard hung up on one of the walls. There was also a small table near the front. Placing his laptop down on that table, he began to write down content on the whiteboard. But, for some reason, he couldn’t stop seeing something from the corner of his eye…

As hard as Sydney fought, it wasn’t long before she began to give into her desperate temptations and began fidgeting around. At first it had started subtle, as she would fight her hardest to only readjust the positioning of her legs roughly once a minute, remaining as still as possible for the rest.

However, with each passing second, the fidgeting became harder and harder to conceal. Sydney knew her dreams of hiding her bursting bladder were running out of time. She began to not only cross, but recross, uncross and cross her legs again as her need to pee continued to grow throughout the tutoring session. She was used to sweating from volleyball, not sitting in a classroom!

It seemed as if she couldn’t keep still for longer than ten seconds. But those ten seconds, those ten seconds were something else. For those ten seconds, she would fight her absolute hardest not to fidget around. Sucking in air, squeezing her legs as tightly shut as possible, tensing her muscles to their absolute maximum, anything to slow down her screamingly obvious pee dance.

But even after mustering up all her might, her body would fail and resort to resuming its desperate dance after just ten, short seconds. That was, until she repeated the process again, sucking in air but lasting just a little bit less than she did each time before.

Sydney continued her desperate seated tango and fought to do anything to take a small bit of pressure off of her achingly full bladder. Her brain was working in overdrive, completely prioritizing holding back the contents of her bladder. It took her longer than she would have liked to realize that Aaron was continually glancing over at her while trying to teach. Her ears turned a bright shade of red as she realized how obvious she was being about her current situation. She had to stop fidgeting around as much as she was.

But how?

Sydney’s muscles were tired. There was even more sweat on her forehead now. She tried her absolute hardest to slow down her desperate dance, but the immediate pressure she would feel from her bladder and the threat of completely pissing herself forced her to quickly change strategy.

Ok, enough was enough. This was starting to get ridiculous. Sydney was practically doing a seated pee dance, groaning through gritted teeth as she tried her best to seem like everything was normal. She had to go pee, now!

Aaron flipped the powerpoint slide on his laptop and continued to write on the board. At this point it was glaringly obvious that Sydney needed to go to the bathroom, but for some reason she just wouldn’t go. He had thought that maybe she was just fidgety at first, but no one moved around that much for no reason.

He discreetly tried to peer over at her again, and immediately saw her legs moving in place like she was running a marathon. Was this some volleyball workout that he was missing out on? Aaron decided to stop gazing and began discussing the next topic…

“May I please go to the bathroom!?” Sydney blurted out, interrupting Aaron mid sentence.

Suddenly, the room’s center of attention shifted from the whiteboard to Sydney. Four eyes focused in on one bursting college volleyball player, who was shaking in place with effort as she tried to hide her desperation as best as she could. She was absolutely frantic, brow covered in sweat and her eyes continually darting to the door, where her escape to the bathroom lied.

Aaron seemed almost dumbfounded by the question at first. She had waited all this time and now she was going to go? Why had she just not gone earlier? Why put herself through this torture?

“No, you can’t,” Aaron said, his usual response to when he was tutoring.

Sydney’s hands immediately flew to her crotch. There was no time for decency, she had to go right now! She couldn’t take no for an answer! All the pee inside her body was screaming to get out! She bounced her legs up and down with new vigor. She didn’t come all this way just to pee herself!

“Please, I don’t think you understand…” Sydney stood up from her seated position at her desk, preparing to make a desperate dash to the toilet.

Her hands were glued to her crotch, as she knew letting go meant emptying her bladder on the floor. Her legs continued to teach a geometry class, making all sorts of different angles. She bounced on the spot, waiting for Aaron’s response. Oh, why wouldn’t he just let her go already? Each second felt like an eternity to Sydney, her eyes darting from Aaron to the door, knowing her relief was closer through it. She was running out of time.

“Aaron, please let me pee. Aaron, I’m going to-” Sydney was begging at this point.

Completely out of breath from desperately dancing around, Aaron could hardly make out the words she was saying. Aaron’s gaze fixated on Sydney as she stared into his eyes; pleading, begging, almost praying for him to say the magic words and let her go. He felt like he almost had too much power in this situation.

“Sydney, I was joking! You don’t have to ask - I’m not a high school teacher,” Aaron responded, feeling bad that Sydney had taken him so literally.

He had told that joke enough times where he thought she would have gotten it.

Sydney could see Aaron’s mouth moving, but it was like a video with no sound was playing. She was so locked in, so focused, that her brain was completely disregarding anything that wasn’t her overfilled bladder. Without hesitating, Sydney continued to add more moves to her pee dance, awkwardly shuffling around in each direction.

After a moment, she registered what Aaron said and quickly responded, “Oh…” her voice trailing off as turned around.

Walking around was much harder than sitting down, and she was already struggling with that! Sydney proceeded to grit her teeth as she walked as fast as she could without peeing herself, with at least one hand permanently buried in her crotch while she made sure to keep her legs as close together as possible. She figured Robert and Aaron already knew she had to pee, no need to hide it in front of them.

Outside of the study room was a different question, however. The bathroom was located near the main lobby, where Sydney could already hear the voices of various students. She really didn’t want to resort to pee dancing in front of a whole crowd.

“Believe it or not, I think she might have needed to pee,” Robert said jokingly as the door shut.

“I think you might be right,” Aaron replied with a chuckle, “We’ll wait for her before moving on.”

Sydney hastily shut the door to the study room with only one thing on her mind, the answer to question 3 on the review packet. Just kidding, the bathroom. Specifically, what would really help her out right now was a toilet, as she knew the white throne could bring an end to her writhing desperation. She craved to read the “Restroom” sign again, as it would indicate her relief was close. She longed to hear the reassuring flush after she emptied her bladder, almost confirming her relief. It was all so close, she knew exactly where the bathrooms were now!

This was the fourth time Sydney had made her way down this same corridor today. Yet each time she walked down it, her bladder was filled even more. While previously Sydney had been able to compose herself walking after Aaron, she no longer had close to that level of control. Sydney “walked” with her rear sticking back, hands buried in her crotch. Each step felt like someone was kicking her directly in the stomach. Her progress was slow, but she could hear the voices getting louder. She knew her relief was getting closer. She just had one problem, how could she walk past everyone without… without looking like this? She had already been lucky enough not to see anyone walking right now.

Sydney, slowly but surely, reached the end of the corridor. She paused for a moment and leaned on the wall to her right for support. A couple more steps would lead her to the opening of the lobby, which was filled by roughly a dozen people. It was now or never.

The plan was simple, in theory: Sydney needed to muster up all her remaining strength and make a desperate last charge to the toilets, all while keeping her hands away from her crotch. She had no intention of letting the lobby know the state of her bladder, and wanted to keep her dignity walking past everyone.

There was only one problem … it seemed impossible. Sydney winced hard as she squeezed her crotch again. Even with both hands sunk deep in her crotch and her legs crossed in her favor, it seemed like making it another minute without peeing herself would be a miracle, much less making it to the bathroom. She couldn’t waste any more time. This was it. Sydney shook her head in anticipation and gave her crotch one final squeeze as she took a sharp breath of air in. She released her hands from her crotch and began her last charge for relief.

The added pressure she felt immediately was crushing. She looked down at her stomach almost expecting someone to be pushing down on it. Her knees had nearly buckled at first, completely unprepared for the pure force of pee desperately pleading to escape her body. But she endured through, she had to.

“Do you think she's ok? It’s already been like ten minutes.” Robert asked back in the study room.

“I guess we’ll find out sooner or later. She did leave all her stuff here,” Aaron gestured at Sydney’s laptop and backpack, which laid underneath a desk.

The first few steps were ok. Maybe she could do this. Her steps were short and quick. Her arms could not remain still at her sides, with her hands constantly tapping at her thighs. But she was doing it, she really could make it! Sydney looked up when… she made her first mistake. The entrance to the bathroom reached out and teased her, immediately applying even more pressure on Sydney’s poor bladder. Sydney had no other choice and her hands immediately flew to her crotch as she went back into the desperate pose she was sporting while walking through the hallway. So much for that plan.

But now it was time for Sydney’s backup plan: Do everything she possibly could to not piss herself in front of a dozen people. Easier said than done.

What stood in front of Sydney was the final haul. She found herself desperately dancing on the spot close to where she was earlier, right in front of the entrance to the bathroom… before Aaron had interrupted her. She thought back to when he had asked her if she was ready to go. And how she just crossed her legs and figured she could hold it.

Never would she have imagined it would have led to all of this. Led to her brow being covered in sweat while fighting back the desperate urge to pee… to giving her tutor a front row seat to her own, personal pee dance… to squeezing her crotch and bobbing up and down in front of a crowd of onlookers. But she had to keep moving if she wanted to avoid the embarrassment of fully emptying her bladder. Removing one hand quickly from her crotch, Sydney groaned in effort as she opened the door to the bathroom.

Sydney carefully entered through the doorway, her right hand joining the left to help her hold back the impending flood trying to leave her body. However, she immediately felt her hands start to get wet. She was leaking, and fast. Sydney groaned aloud, immediately stopping in her tracks. So close yet so far. The toilets were right there, she could almost see them!

She had to slow down the leak. She bobbed up and down like her life depended on it, biting down on her lip in effort as well. Her face screamed of pure desperation, as she waged another battle in the war over her bladder. All she had wanted to do today was pee, but fate just wouldn’t allow it.

Sydney stopped the leak. She wasn’t sure how, but she had done it. She didn’t have time to ask questions or inspect the damage either, she had to get to a toilet immediately!

She pulled her body forward with what strength she had left, her body still screaming for relief. She couldn’t remember the last time she felt like she was going to piss herself! She reached the entrance of the first stall in the bathroom and hurriedly pushed against the door, praying for it to be unlocked. It wasn’t her lucky day.

She heard a voice say, “occupied” coming from the other side of the stall.

Sydney immediately let out a groan as she leaked again. She was at the very end of her rope, hanging on by a bare thread. She grimaced and twisted her legs in a knot for the thousandth time, slowing the leak down for a second time. It took all her effort to force her body to stop peeing, and she was there wouldn’t be a third time. It was a miracle she hadn’t pissed herself yet. She forced her body forward to the second stall in the bathroom, but paused for a moment.

She knew this was the only stall left in the bathroom… What if it was locked too? She couldn’t hold on for another ten seconds, if someone was inside she would have no chance waiting. This was it. Her fingers squeezed her freshly wet crotch, she knew her panties had to have been soaked. If the stall was locked, she might just let go right here. Right in front of the stall.

Her arm anxiously reached out to push the door of the stall. Her mind raced, praying that the door would be open… and the door flung open.

Sydney’s time for relief had come. Her eyes immediately made contact with what she had been looking for, yearning for, for what felt like an eternity. The toilet. Her legs moved forward hastily now, she knew her relief was close.

She had a final problem. One last obstacle to prevent her from having what she so desired: she needed to remove her hands from her crotch to pull down her pants. Tears welling up in her eyes, she knew the pressure would be next to unbearable the moment she removed the grip of her fingers from her crotch. But she had no other choice. In one swift movement, her hands flew from her crotch to her hips, where they immediately began to desperately tug at the side of her skin tight choice of leg wear. She pleaded with her pants, begging for them to come down.

"Please... please... I can't hold it any longer..." she whispered to her pants, as she pulled and pulled. If only they would just come off, then she could be relieved.

They wouldn’t budge. She cried out in agony. This was torture! Her body was exhausted, she had been holding her pee for hours. It wanted, no it needed, release immediately. Sydney would rip these damn pants in half for all she cared right now, just let her pee!

But finally, Sydney forced her pants past her waist. She escaped the prison of her pants. Sitting down as quickly as possible, she didn’t bother to remove her panties, they were soaked already. The plan was successful, she had done it. She couldn’t help but smile in relief as the contents of her bladder emptied into the toilet bowl below her. Sydney could finally think straight after what felt like hours.

Thanks for reading.

