Couldn't make it

Author: Jaieee

*000*2020-12-10 23:18

This story is a recurring dream I've been having...

I've been at work all day. I'm a teacher who drinks a lot of water, and doesn't have a lot of time to go to the bathroom. My classes finish, and I immediately start dancing desperately around around my office.. As I wiggle my way to the door, I start pissing right in my panties. I grab myself tightly,, and the urge goes away so I can walk to the staff room..

When I get there, the staff room is packed with people. I still have to go pretty bad, but I know my drive home is short. I have a strong bladder, and completely forget my near accident at school. As I unlock my front door, I start potty dancing again, but my desperate need fades yet again.

I go upstairs and take off my clean grey slacks. My blue cotton panties are damp and cold, but you can't see the wet spot anymore. I put on tight grey leggings and go sit on the couch to work on my computer. I have a a habit of always sitting with one hand between my legs, so I found myself grinding against my hand. My wet panties grazing my clit began to arouse me, and before I knew it I was grinding against my hand. I slipped a hand into my underwear and felt my wet slit. I laid down with my vibratory.

As it buzzed lightly over my panties, I began to fully relax, and within seconds I was wetting myself right there on the couch. I was so startled, I jumped up off the couch and tightly crossed my legs. I started peeing through my leggings, onto my fingers.. My entire crotch was wet, but the damage was minimal. The bathroom is just down the hall, but I could tell that I was about to have an accident. I pressed my fingers into my clit and began to whimper and I felt myself start peeing again. Wet streaks ran down my leg, but I was able to stop it again.

I had to decide what to do. I was having an accident as I thought. I knew I wouldn't make it to the potty in time, but I couldn't wet myself on the couch. I crossed my legs and start shuffling down the hall. My clit was swollen and aching, and piss began running down both my legs.

This is usually where I wake up!

