Field Hockey Trip (Repost with Tags)

Author: JackFrost16

*000*2020-05-28 16:12

Hey everyone! This is one of my first stories on this site. I have been on this site for a while and just recently decided to give writing a try. As a new writer I want to improve as much as possible, so I would love to hear your feedback. Hope you like it!

(P.S. The final chapter contains a small amount of messing. I know not everyone likes that kind of thing)

Chapter 1:

Ava was captain of the field hockey team at Bloominfield High School. She was tall, and athletic with black hair and brown eyes she had small breasts but a large butt that made up for it. She was considered by some to be the hottest girl in the school. It was her senior year and she was looking forward to it. Her best friends Molly and Kathrine were also a part of the team. They had been friend for as long as anyone could remember and they did everything together. Molly was around 5' 2" and blond with pretty blue eyes and very large assets. Katherine was a little taller at 5' 4", also blond and with perky breasts and an average sized butt.

It was their first match of the season against Elmsdale High, a school 3 hours away by bus. As the girls loaded onto the bus Ava looked around her their were 13 girls on the team including Ava, Katherine, and Molly. There were only three other seniors on the team. One of the other seniors, named Celia, was just now getting on the bus. Celia was 5' 3" with brown hair and had a tiny butt. She had green eyes and nice breasts. Scanning the bus, Ava located the other seniors. Alicia sat toward the back and was listening to music on her phone, her black hair spilling over her shoulders. She was nicely tanned after working as a lifeguard over the summer. Alicia was the only openly lesbian girl in the school. Next to her was the last senior on the team. Her name was Eliza.

Eliza was a shy girl. She almost never talked to anyone and had never made friends easily. She was taller than average at 5' 8" and as thin as a rail. Her dirty blond hair matched nicely with her bright blue eyes. Her almost non-existent boobs were counteracted by a nicely sized ass.

As the bus pulled out onto the road Ava felt a small twinge in her bladder. She ignored it though and continued to talk to Molly and Katherine about normal things like boys and school. She had no idea how crazy this day was going to get.

###

Chapter 2:

The bus pulled into the Elmsdale parking lot. Ava's need had increased slightly but it was still manageable. I'll just go when we get to the field, she thought. As the girl walked toward the field, Ava's need was reciprocated by some of the other girls Celia included.

"Can I use the bathroom?" Celia asked their coach. "Sorry girls there are no bathroom here" the Coach responded. "Apparently they are doing renovations."

Celia groaned and Ava's face whitened in horror. She didn't know if she could hold it all throughout the game and the bus ride home. But she didn't have a choice. she would just have to hold it no matter what.

Next to Ava, Katherine said something under her breath. "What?" Molly asked. "Nothing" came the reply. I just kind have to pee".

Ava felt a little bit better that someone else shared her predicament. The girls were all dressed in the school uniform, a purple jersey with the school logo on it and grey leggings on the bottom. The team went through their warm ups quickly and jumped into the game shortly after. It was a good game. It was so intense Ava forgot her need to pee entirely. it came right down to the wire with each team trading goals. the game was finally won when Alicia scored a goal in the final minute putting the score at 5-4 in Bloominfield's favor. The girls celebrated on the sideline before shaking hand with their opponents and heading back to the bus.

###

Chapter 3:

As the girls clambered back onto the bus, Eliza started to worry. She needed to use the bathroom. And badly. She sat in the middle of the bus on a seat by herself. As soon as Eliza sat down she put a hand in her crotch. She had been confident she would make before but now, wasn't so sure. the last time she could remember having an accident was in 3rd grade. It had been embarrassing then she thought. Think of how bad it would be now. Eliza settled in. It was going to be a long drive.

One hour had passed and Eliza was on the verge of panic. She had both hands jammed into her crotch and her legs tightly crossed. She was sweating with the effort of holding in her pee. It had gotten bad in a matter of minutes. Eliza now knew she couldn't wait for the remaining two hours. She was going to pee soon wether she wanted to or not. Think Liza she thought. What can I do? Suddenly an idea came to her. She could just ask the coach to stop the bus! As if it had heard her thoughts, Eliza's bladder spasmed sending a couple drops of pee into her underwear.

She needed to do something quick or she would defiantly pee herself. She revisited the idea of asking for a stop, but quickly dismissed it. She was too shy to reveal her desperation to the entire bus. Plan B then she thought, and looked around desperately. As Eliza searched for something to help her predicament, a bottle, or container, or something her bladder took matters into its own hands. she leaked again as if to send a warning shot. Eliza's hand immediately returned to their original resting place between her legs. This was it. She knew there was no time left to try anything and tried to accept her fate. with a whimper and a muttered, "Oh no" Eliza's bladder released. A trickle found its way out, then a squirt, then it was over. Her pee quickly shot into her pants, overwhelming her panties and starting on her grey leggings. The piss pooled around Eliza's thighs and her ass in a large puddle and started slowly dripping over the seat.

Luckily for Eliza, she was sitting in a seat by herself. Nobody cold see her accident. Not for now at least. Working quickly, Eliza grabbed a sweatshirt from her bag and stated to soak up the drips. that was one problem solved. The larger problem was that she was still sitting in a pool of her own piss. There was no way to clean it up. Eliza resigned herself to a very uncomfortable ride.

###

Chapter 4:

Molly and Katherine were sitting in a seat together. They were watching a movie on Molly's phone. Or rather Molly was watching a movie. Katherine was trying not to pee herself. She had need to go since before the game and was now completely desperate. She was trying to hold herself without Molly noticing, which was not that difficult as Molly was completely engrossed in the movie. They were watching Friday the 13th, which isn't the best movie to watch with a full bladder.

This isn't to say that Molly didn't have to pee either. In fact she was also quite desperate, though not nearly as bad as Katherine. She knew she could make it home if things went smoothly. At this point in her life Molly had watched so many horror movies she was practically desensitized to their terrors. She looked across at her friend. "Kat, are you even watching?" she asked. "Hm..? Oh sorry" came the reply. "I kinda zoned out". "Come on!"Molly said. "This is a good one!"

"Fine" said Katherine. It would be nice to take her mind off her bladder even just for a little bit. Unfortunately for Kat she had forgotten the kind of movie she was watching. As soon as she looked at the screen, a masked killer jumped out of the shadows. Katherine screamed in fright. Thoughts of her bladder instantly left her mind. Her first thought was to run before she remembered she was just watching a movie. As she got control of her senses back she felt a warm sensation in her crotch area. She looked down and saw a rapidly expanding dark spot on the front of her leggings.

She finally put two and two together and realized she was peeing herself. "Shit!" she yelled as she tried to regain control of her bladder. But it was already too late once her bladder had started emptying itself it wasn't going to stop. All Katherine could do was stare in horror as she pissed herself. The pee branched out over her thighs turning the material a dark grey.

Molly, startled by Katherine's scream, turned to she her friend actively having an accident. The sight was so ridiculous she burst into a fit of laughter. " Oh my god! You just wet your pants!" and sayings of the sort were mixed between giggles and snorts. The irony of the situation was that as Molly was laughing at her friends predicament she also started to lose control of her bodily functions. She could feel her hold on her bladder slipping. All of a sudden her grip was gone altogether. Molly's bladder released creating a river in her pants. As the pee quickly saturated her thong and moved onto her leggings all she could do was laugh. The piss she had been so confident she could hold was pouring down her legs working its way to the back of her thighs and past her knees.

At this point she had well and truly wet herself. Most of the bus was staring as a combination of Molly's laughter and Katherine's screams proved quite distracting. Katherine looked at her friend cockily and said with a smile: "Who's laughing now?"

###

Chapter 5:

Alicia, sitting in the back of the bus was reassured by Molly and Katherine's accidents. At least she would not be the only one if things went wrong. Alicia was one of the teams star players , and because of this had played the whole game. She had drank her entire water bottle , refilled it and drained it again. This was a mistake. Alicia had a long history of bladder problems. When she was young her parents thought it was nothing. Just what kids do. But as Alicia grew older and continued to have accidents, they wondered if there was a problem. They had gotten her tested for incontinence, but the doctor had said that she just had a weak bladder.

Nowadays Alicia was more careful. She hadn't had an accident in over three years. Now that streak might be in danger. Alicia had needed to pee since the middle of the game. She had thought she was going to pee herself an hour ago. Yet somehow she held on. This was soon to change. Alicia could feel pressure building and knew any minute now could be disaster time. To make matters worse, if Alicia did indeed wet her pants, it would all be obvious to Celia sitting across the aisle .

Alicia had been looking at Celia for a long time. The girl was beautiful. As the only open lesbian at Bloomnfield, she had never been in a serious relationship. As Alicia stared Celia looked at her and gave a quick wave and a smile. Alicia returned it. Her bladder ached reminding her of her current situation. It was almost as if Celia was cheering for Alicia to hold it. That's stupid Alicia thought thats not true.

Alicia was right. Celia was not cheering for her to hold it. She was actually hoping desperately for the opposite. Celia has had this particular fetish for a long time. Ever since she was thirteen she had loved peeing herself. Not in public of course, but right before she got into the shower or when nobody was home. These wettings usually were followed by some other activities that had also felt incredible.

That wasn't Celia's only secret though. She was still in the closet. Like Alicia, Celia had never been interested in guys. She had never told anyone about her sexuality, not even her parents. Sh was scared people would treat her differently. Distracting her from these lovely thoughts was her own bladder. While observing Alicia's desperation she had become desperate herself. She just hoped she could make it to a private place and let everything out.

Alicia was also thinking about peeing herself, though not for pleasure. She had already leaked twice and there was a small stain on her leggings, which she covered with her hands. Fortunately, the bus was entering town. There was only ten to fifteen minutes left on the ride. She was starting to think she might just make it.

"Girls we ran into some traffic. We could be here a while" Coaches voice echoed down the bus. Just like that all hope at least semi-dry pants left Alicia's mind. In the same instant her bladder seemed to agree. It spasmed one final time before letting go completely. The urine she had so desperately been trying to hold spilled out of her like a hose. She leaned her head back and gave in. The warm pee spread across the whole seat pooling around her ass. Dark stains appeared on her legs as she had her first accident in years. The sensation of the warm piss on her body reminded her of her previous accidents.

Alicia felt like a kid. What would Celia think of her now?

###

Chapter 6:

Celia saw Alicia's head lean back and her eyes closed and waited with bated breath. As the dark stain spread across the other girls legs, Celia felt like jumping for joy. She sat transfixed as her dreams came true before her eyes. It was the hottest thing she had ever witnessed.

Her body moved of its own accord. One minute she was sitting across from Alicia, and the next she was on top of her. Alicia looked up in confusion before Celia's lips pressed into hers. She was shocked fro a second. This was like a dream come true for Alicia. She stopped hesitating and kissed back with force. Alicia laid back on the bus seat and pulled Celia down on top of her. Alicia's back immediately got wet and she realized she had just laid down in her own piss. She didn't care though.

Their bodies writhed together, moving to a beat only they could hear. Celia was in heaven. She didn't care about her bladder anymore and released her pee spilling out of her alike a faucet. Because she was laying down, the pee soaked the front of her legging turning the top of her thighs and pelvic area to a deep shade of grey. The pee was the cherry on top of the cake. She had never felt better in her life.

As the tops of Alicia's legs grew warm she wondered if she was wetting her pants for the second time. Soon she realized it was Celia peeing herself! For some reason Alicia didn't mind it. It might actually felt good. As the two girls continued to rub their bodies together Celia felt another kind of pressure building in her lower body. As they were kissing, Alicia started to touch Celia's crotch. Celia gasped and grabbed Alicia. She had never felt this way before.

As Alicia continued to rub Celia through her leggings, the pressure grew until Celia climaxed. An orgasm ripped through her body as she let out a quiet moan. For the second time that day, fluid shot out of Celia's body going straight into her leggings.

After a second of rest, it was Alicia's turn. Celia firmly planted her hand on Alicia's vagina and began to rub as fast as possible. The friction of the leggings against Alicia's pussy caused her to groan. After a minute of passionate kissing and intense rubbing, Alicia couldn't contain herself. She came hard groaning into Celia's lips. The two girl lay there together for a while until the bus began to move.

Then Celia got up and returned to her seat, her leggings stained by a mix of bodily fluids. Alicia looked over at Celia and the two shared a secret smile. Alicia was covered nearly head to toe in piss, Celia's and her own. The two girls had just had the best time of their lives and none were the wiser.

###

Chapter 7 (Contains Messing):

After almost an hours delay, the bus pulled up to Bloomdfeild and the girls got out. Five of them were going to have to explain to their parents why their legging were drenched. But not Ava. Against all odds, Ava had kept her pants dry so far. Unlike the other girls, Ava lived near the school and was going to walk home. As she started the journey, she wondered if She would make it to her house in time.

I've made it this far! I'm so close! she thought. It was a five minute walk, but Ava was going considerably slower than normal due to her aching bladder. She waddled down the streets of the quiet town, hands pressed firmly between her thighs. It was a little past 11:30 and Ava knew her parents would be asleep already. This ment that even if she did piss herself they might not ever know.

As Ava turned onto her street she felt her bladder about to release. " Not yet!" she yelled. She could see her house! She was so close! As the first drops of pee found their way into her panties, she started to run. It was no longer a matter of keeping her pants dry, and was more a matter of getting less wet. As she tore down the sidewalk and up the porch, Ava knew it was no good. She pulled open the front door and stood in the dark hallway.

The piss was running down her legs in streams creating trails of wetness down her legs. Her ass had not escaped as she could feel the warmth on her rear. I just wet myself she thought in dismay. Even though nobody was there to witness her accident, she was ashamed none the less. As she looked down at the mess she had just made, a second urge hit her like a truck.

Before she could make a mad dash to the bathroom, her bowels released. She farted once, then stood in shock as a log of solid mess found its way into her panties. Ava started to walk upstairs. In her bedroom she looked at herself in the mirror. Her leggings were drenched in her piss and turning around she could see that she had indeed shit herself as well. Her ass was soaked and in addition, her leggings had stretched out to accommodate her second accident.

Ava undressed and threw her leggings and panties into the trash. She cleaned herself up and jumped into bed. It had been a long day.

