Extreme Bladder Training - Becky & Abi

Author: JMatthews1995

*000*2019-01-01 21:11

It had been 6 months since Becky and Abi had moved into together. The girls had fell for each other madly and were in a very relaxed and experimental relationship. Becky was the bladder queen of the house. She could hold her pee for a long time, frequently going through a whole day at work without peeing with a personal best time of 14 hours without relief! Abi on the other hand had a very small bladder. She was used to peeing every 3/4 hours without fail. She had tried quite a few times to enlarge her bladder but her little pee hole muscles would always give in and make her pee.

"Becky, can you help me get better at holding my pee?" Abi questioned.

"I already have! We have tried almost everything, your little pussy is just lazy!"

"No it's not! And almost everything? What else can we try?"

"Well there is one thing, an old technique I used once. It was very intense though. Do you really want this? It's gonna be tough!"

Abi nodded confirming she was willing to try the intense technique.

"Okay, go and pee then Abi. Your pussy and bladder are in for a rough ride!" Becky had a really naughty smile on her face. She loved trying to train Abi to hold her pee as it meant she got to see her beautiful friend squirming around trying not to wet herself.

Abi returned from the bathroom. Becky was waiting for her holding a band aid.

"The longest you've ever held during our training was 4 hours and 42 minutes Abi. If this doesn't make you hold longer then your there's no helping you!"

Abi was looking worried. What was that band aid for?! Was she ready for this extreme bladder training?

"Sit on the edge of the bed hun" Becky patted the bed next to her. Abi did as she was told and sat down. Becky knelt on the floor in front of Abi, un-tied her converse and pulled them both off revealing Abi's cute little bare feet. She then asked Abi to remove her leggings and panties. Abi did as she was told and was left sat on the edge of the bed naked from the waist down.

Becky pushed Abi's legs apart revealing a beautifully kept smooth pussy, slightly glistening.

"You didn't wipe did you Abi?"

"Nope! It didn't deserve it. I'm fed up of having to pee so often and this is my punishment for my lazy pussy!"

"You dirty girly!" Becky replied. "I'm gonna have to dry you up before I put the band aid on though!"

Becky hurried off into the bathroom leaving Abi sat with her legs spread on the bed. By now she was starting to get a little worried. Becky returned with a strip of toilet roll and gently dabbed Abi's delicate lips dry.

"Okay, sit still Abi. I'm gonna put this thing on."

Becky unwrapped the band aid and knelt between Abi's legs. Very gently she aligned the band aid so the sticky parts lined up with Abi's puffy lips and gently stuck it on effectively sealing Abi's delicate pussy shut.

"There we go Abi. No peeing for you! What better incentive to hold than knowing you'll have to rip a band aid off your pussy when you want to pee?"

"Where do you get these ideas?!" Questioned Abi, now worrying about what it will feel like to rip a band aid off her delicate pussy lips.

"Internet. It's a great idea! You'll beat your record easy today!"

Becky watched intently as Abi slowly closed her legs. The band aid folded perfectly in half and nestled it's self nicely between Abi's puffy lips. She slid her panties and leggings back up over her sealed dainty pussy and then slid her soft little feet back into her converse. The girls then headed into town to get lunch and watch a film. Abi knew her poor bladder was in for a rough ride!

The walk into town was eventful. Abi was constantly reminded of her predicament by the tight, wedgie like sensation inside her panties. Becky kept looking down at Abi's private area as they walked.

“You comfortable Abi?” Teased Becky.

“No! It feels so weird!It's clinging to my little lips Becky!”

“Ahh you'll get used to it! How'd you think I go so good at pee holding?” Becky winked and smiled. She clearly was into some strange stuff.

Lunch went by easy enough. A large glass of lemonade for Abi set her on her way towards desperation. The girls then headed to the cinema. Becky made sure she ordered the drinks. She got Abi a nice sensible medium. Just to give her a fighting chance of beating her previous record.

Half way through the film Abi's bladder was already sending signals that it required relief. Becky noticed Abi shuffling around and re-positioning her self over and over. She decided to tease Abi, She reached over and gently pressed on Abi's lower tummy.

“Ooooh you're filling up nicely Abi!” Whispered Becky

“It's only been 3 and a half hours! I don't think I'm gonna beat my record Becky!”

“Oh trust me, you will!” Becky gestured down at Abi's pussy. “Never underestimate the power of a band aid!”

The walk home was pretty uneventful. Abi's bladder was starting to show signs of being properly full, but not quite loosing control full.

It was at around the 4 hour mark that her bladder really started sending requests for relief.

“Becky, I have to pee.” Moaned Abi.

“No you don't! You have at least 45 minutes to wait yet Abi otherwise you've failed!”

“Oooh okay! I think I might struggle!”

Another 15 minutes passed. The medium drink at the cinema was flooding into her bladder at this point and it was starting to send out some pretty clear demands for relief.

“Becky can I pee yet? I don't think I'll make my target anyway!”

“You can if you want.. quitter!”

“My pussy isn't a quitter! Not yet anyway!”

Abi's urge was beginning to spike by 4 hours 25 minutes.

“I'm going to pee!”

“Good luck.” Giggled Becky.

Abi hurried off into the bathroom with her hand pressed between her legs. She quickly pulled her leggings and panties down and sat spread legged on the toilet. She then began to attempt to remove the band aid! Big mistake. She started pulled from the corner and instantly let out a loud squeak. Becky heard from the other room. Her own private area tingled a little with excitement. Becky was into bondage and domination. This was the perfect combination!

Abi attempted to pull the band aid off a second time. The glue had stuck very firmly and each attempt made her squeal with pain a little more.

“DAMN DAMN DAMN!!!!” She muttered to her self as she shakingly tried to peal the band air off her lips.

By now her pee hole was a quivering mess. It was threatening to loose control any second. Who knew what mess that would cause when her pussy was so tightly taped shut! Abi attempted it one my time and started pulling it off slowly. Again a squeal noise came from her and she gave up.

“I'm sorrrryy little one! I can't take it off! You're going to have to hold a little longer until the pain of holding out weighs the pain of taking the band aid off” She muttered as she massaged her poor quivering pussy.

She reluctantly pulled her panties back up over her aching pussy, then her leggings. Trying to remain composed she hobbled out of the bathroom and back to the living room where Becky was waiting.

“All empty? Happy that you failed?” Teased Becky, knowing full well Abi wouldn't have been able to relieve her self.

“Mhmmm feel much better now.”

“Liar!! There's no way you got that band aid off!” Becky jumped up to Abi and pressed her bladder firmly. “Ha! Still full! I knew you would bottle it!”

“IT HURTS SO BAD!” Shouted Abi.

“I know, I know. Perfect deterrent isn't it!”

Becky stood her self behind Abi, put one arm around her and gently squeezed her quivering pussy.

“Mmmm I bet that feels good doesn't it Abi. Brief re-assuring grip on your delicate pussy!”

“I need to sit and hold Becky! NOW!”

Abi settled her self on the end of the sofa, her hand firmly pressed into her pussy trying to hold back the flow from her huge throbbing bladder. Becky hurried over to the foot stool and dragged it over.

“Here, I'll take your mind off it a bit.”

She unlaced Abi's converse and began massaging her hot little feet. Abi closed her eyes and focused all of her energy into keeping her pee hole closed tight. The 4 hour 42 minute target came and went but relief was still not coming to her poor aching bladder.

Eventually she plucked up the courage to have a second attempt at removing the band aid. This time Becky followed her into the bathroom and watched as she slid her leggings and panties down. Abi again settled her self onto the toilet teasing her pussy with the relief it so desperately required!

She slowly opened her legs to give her self access to her poor quivering pussy to attempt removing the band aid again. Becky watched with excitement as her beautiful friend fumbled around trying to peel an edge away from her sweating pussy lips.

“You really have to go bad don't you Abi!”

“YOU THINK!! MY PUSSY IS BEGGING FOR RELIEF BECKY!! AND I CAN'T GIVE IT ANY!” Snapped Abi loudly.

“Alright calm down!” Becky teased. “You could always just pull your clothes back up and make your pussy hold like mine does!”

“HELP ME GET THIS OFF NOW!” Snapped Abi again. As she shouted a spurt of pee found it's way out from the edge of the band aid. “QUICK BECKY!!”

Becky, not shaking from desperation was able to quickly find an edge and begin peeling.

“STOP, OH GOD THAT HURTS SO BAD!”

“Do you want this off or not?!” Becky snapped.

“I DUNNO! I DON'T KNOW! Another jet of pee forced it's way out from under the band aid. Spraying over Becky's hand.

“I CANT STOP PEEING! QUICKLY DO SOMETHING!”

Again Becky went to peel the band aid off. Abi squealed and Becky stopped. Abi's bladder totally gave way and began forcing pee out in a huge spray from various little gaps that were around the edges of the band aid. She peed endlessly for around 35 seconds, a huge jump from her last record of 25 seconds.

The torrent subsided. Abi panting and moaning with relief began to clean her self up with toilet paper, gently dabbing all over the band aid and her soft skin around her pussy.

“I can't even get this off Becky!”

“Best way to get them off is to sweat them off”

“What sort of suggestion is that?!” Snapped Abi.

“Seriously! It's how I get them off. Go for a run or a bike ride and they soon loosen as the glue softens.”

“You're mad you are!”

“Trust me! Get those panties and leggings back up, converse back on and go for a bike ride!”

Abi being totally at a loss as to how to remove the band aid did what her bladder torturer told her to do. She headed out the door, with a wet, pissy pussy sealed shut with a band aid on a bike ride. What a ridiculous thing to be doing, she thought to her self as she peddled along the road.

True to Becky's word, when she returned with help from Becky the band aid came away a lot easier. It was still ridiculously painful, but at least it was now off!

Becky, now staring directly at a pussy that had been basically taped up for nearly 6 hours at this point couldn't resist giving it a gently massage. Abi moaned with pleasure as Becky caressed her aching little pussy lips and her throbbing little clitoris.

“She's been a good little girly today hasn't she Abi! She held as long as you demanded, and more!” Becky leaned in and began licking Abi's pissy, sweaty pussy, rewarding it for it's hard work and suffering of the day.

“Same again tomorrow Abi?”

“Hell no! Maybe next weekend though?”

“You're on! I'm gonna tape mine shut as well. See if I can beat my previous 14 hour record!”

“Alright! Show off!”

*002*2019-01-02 16:23

{{17 hours ago, FullBladder85 said:

Interesting concept, I enjoyed reading the story, but what's to stop the women from just peeing through the band aid without pulling it off first, as Abi eventually did when she couldn't hold it anymore?

It would probably have been better if some of her pee sprayed out at odd angles down her leg or something and made a mess because of the band aid being in the way, so that she'd know not to pee before getting the band aid off next time.

}}

Whats stopping her was the thought she would then be stuck with both a per soaked pussy and a band aid still sealing it shut stopping her from being able to clean her self up.

*005*2019-01-03 16:21

{{4 hours ago, AkenoSama said:

Nice, I love It, did you have another stories before that timeline?!

}}

What do you mean? Based on these charactors?

*007*2019-01-03 17:20

{{4 minutes ago, AkenoSama said:

Yeah like " previous chapters "

}}

Oh nah sorry. I do plan on doing more though of Becky trying to make Abi hold

*009*2019-01-04 17:52

It was the next weekend. Becky was determined to get Abi to be able to hold as much as her.

"Do you wanna do some more bladder torture... I mean training? Bladder training?" Asked Becky.

"I'm not sure I do after last time! That band aid hurt soooo damn much!"

"Oh go on! I'll go easy on you this time. Your cute little pussy did so well last time. You did 5 hours 10 minutes in total!"

"Okay then! But not the band aid. Anything but that. Remember you said you were going to seal your self up as well!" Smiled Abi

"Okay then! And yeah I forgot I agreed that." Abi touched her pussy through her pajamas "Looks like your in for a long aching day cutie!" She said to her pussy.

"You're so weird Becky!" Teased Abi. Becky knew she was weird, but she didn't care.

Both girls got them selves showered. Becky dressed in her usual jeans and t-shirt combination and then invited Abi in to watch her seal her self shut. She pulled her jeans and panties down and opened her legs, applied her band aid gently and then pulled her panties and tight jeans back up.

"There we go! No peeing for 14 hours. I hope anyway!"

The timer for Becky had started just after 8am. That meant she would have to last until at least 10:15pm before dainty pussy would even be allowed to relieve its self.

"Now! What shall I make you wear I wonder.... Maybe a nice cute onesie. After all we are only having a lazy day in anyway!"

She went to the wardrobe and pulled out the cutest onesie she could find. It was a little naught monkey onesie and she always thought Abi looked good wearing it.

"Right put this on!"

Abi slid on a pair of pink panties. Then proceeded to get into her onesie and zip up the front. She slid her delicate bare feet into a pair of fluffy slippers to keep them nice and warm.

"Right come with me Abi!" Ordered Becky. She lead her into her bedroom and opened her cupboard. She slid out a little leather box and opened it up. Inside was a sewing kit filled with threads of various colours and plenty of needles.

"What are you doing?" Said Abi, her voice shaking a little.

"I'm gonna sew you into that onsie!"

"Are you serious!!!"

"Yup. No peeing for you Abi. And if you do, your poor little pussy will be all wet and pissy for aaaagggeeesss!"

"What do you mean?!"

"Well if you don't out hold your last record of 5 hours 15 minutes by at least 15 minutes then you will spend until 10pm sewn into this onesie with a stinky little pussy begging to be washed!"

"That's so harsh!"

"No it's not. You just gotta hold Abi!"

Becky stood in front of Abi sewing the front of her onesie shut. Round and round and round the thread went. It took her ages but she made sure that there was no way the zip was coming un-done no matter how much Abi fumbled around pulling at it.

Once she had finished the sewing the girls went for some breakfast. Both had a large mug of tea. Abi was almost certain she was going to be bathing her pussy in her warm pee at some point but she was determined to do her best. It was 9am by the time they had finished breakfast. Abi's timer had started at 8:30 and she must hold until at least 2pm then she would be spending 8 hours in pissy panties!

By 9:15 they had finished breakfast. Becky suggested watching a film. A big glass of squash was delivered to them both by Becky and they settled down to watch Harry Potter. By the end of the film Abi was already feeling bladder twinges. She gently massaged her pussy.

"Come on cutie! You can hold it!"

Becky giggled.

"It'll be a shame if she doesn't she'll be pissy for over 8 hours!"

"You'll let me out. W...w..won't you?"

"Nope! Like I said. You will be punished. And pussies that don't hold the required time will be punished harshly!"

By the 4 hour mark Abi was already struggling. Settled on the sofa next to Becky she began holding her pussy through her onesie.

"Oh dear Abi. Are you struggling already, It'd be such a shame if you peed your self!"

"Nope! I..I just like touching my self between my legs!" Abi quivered.

"Better get those pee hole muscles working hard otherwise you're going to end up a very dirty mess"

By 4 hours 30 she was beginning to properly struggle! There was no way that she would be able to hold another hour. No way at all! She was gripping her self quite tightly now and Becky was loving it.

"Oooooh are you gonna leak Abi? Is you little pussy going to start tinkling into your tight little panties?"

"NO! I can hold it!" Abi re-clamped her hand on her pussy and crossed her legs tight. Becky leaned over and pressed her tummy.

"Oooooh sooo firm Abi! That poor bladder can't hold much more can it?"

"IT CAN! And it will! I'm not sitting with a pee soaked pussy all evening!"

"Course not!" Becky giggled "It'll be already have dried by evening!"

"NO! I will hold!"

Another 20 minutes passed. Abi still had 40 minutes left of her challenge by now but her delicate pee hole really wasn't playing ball. She felt like she was going to explode and her pee hole muscles felt totally worn out. She stood up to walk into the kitchen to get some food and then suddenly dropped into a squat. Her hands were rammed hard into her pussy and her expression was hinting that she was seriously close to soaking her self.

"Ooooh Abi! Are you peeing?!" Shouted Becky.

Abi focused all her energy into her quivering pee hole and grabbed her self tight.

"Not just yet!" She struggled to her feet hands firmly clamped over her hot little pussy. "I WILL NOT WET MY SELF!"

She struggled along into the kitchen hobbling along with one hand grabbing her pussy tightly.

"You will hold!" She whispered looking down at her pussy. "You don't want to be soaking wet with pee all evening do you?!"

Becky walked through the kitchen door.

"Who's mad now Abi. Talking to your pussy are you?"

"Nooo. Just... Just willing my self not to pee my self!"

"You'll be soaked in no time Abi!" Becky walked over and gave her a quick tickle. Abi shook with a giggle and released her pussy. Instantly she felt it! A hot wet feeling between her legs. She instantly grabbed her pussy as tight as physically possible and clamped her legs together.

"DID YOU LEAK?!" Shouted Becky. "Take your hand away I wanna see!"

Abi very very slowly removed her hand. A tiny damp patch was obvious between her legs.

"Ohhhh dear Abi! It looks as though your pussy is going to be one smelly little cutie tonight!"

"Noooo... Please no Becky! I stopped the flow! It hurts sooo much to stop any more coming out! Please don't make my pussy stay all pee soaked!"

"Well you have lost he challenge! Already! With 40 minutes left!"

"I haven't I'm still holding it in!"

"You're cute little fanny wouldn't agree with that. It's all wet!"

Abi squirmed again. Gripping at her pussy.

"You're leaking again aren't you!"

Abi dropped into a squat and peed uncontrollably though her panties and onesie. A huge puddle formed around her feet and soaked her slippers.

"You dirty dirty monkey!" Joked Becky. "Look at you, pissing your self in front of your friend!"

"I...I... I just couldn't hold any more Becky! I really couldn't! Pleeeese can I change?!"

"Nope! I told you! Not until 10pm!"

"But! But! That's 8 hours away! I'll have to pee again way before then!"

"Well it looks as though you'll be re-wetting your stinky panties later on then won't you!"

"Pleaseee Becky! My little pussy doesn't want to stink of pee!"

"What if I told you I'd eat you out later if you keep it on? Does that sound reasonable? I'll like your stinky fanny clean and tickle your clit until you come.. Deal?"

"Fine! I can't believe I am doing this! My poor little pussy!"

"It'll be fine Abi! I wore pee soaked panties for 18 hours once! Don't get me wrong I was a stinky little mess down below but it felt soooo good!"

"You're one freaky, dirty girl Becky!"

"You don't say? I'm stood here with my pussy sealed shut with a band aid and a promise to eat out a girl who will have pissed her self twice in the same panties!"

"Weirdo!!" Said Abi!

Becky hurried into the other room and grabbed a thich fluffy towel and a spare pair of slippers for Abi. She handed them to her and watched as she took her soaked slippers of her wet little feet.

"Am I at least allowed to dry my feet before I put these other slippers on?" Asked Abi.

"Hmmmmmmmmmm no!" Giggled Becky.

"Fine! You better buy me a new pair! Or at least find a way to clean these!"

Becky watched as Abi slid her glistening feet into her new slippers. She then handed her the towel and told her to go and fetch a mop to clean up her naughty mess.

Once she had finally cleaned up the girls settled back on the sofa. Abi sat all pissy on her towel and Becky sat, now rather uncomfortably next to her with her delicate pussy still sealed shut. This challenge wasn't going to be as easy as she had expected! After all, it had been 5 and a half hours and she still had 8 and a half left to go before she was allowed to remove her band aid. She gently squeezed her self down below to re-assure her delicate pussy that the situation was alright, and then settled her self comfortably to start binge watching Stranger things on Netflix. She couldn't help but tingle down below knowing that Abi would be sat next to her with a pissy pussy for at least 8 hours. It was so dirty and fun!

Abi wriggled around every know and then. Becky knew this was because her wet panties were making her uncomfortable.

"How did you spend 18 hours with pissy panties??!!"

"I deserved it. I had to! I wet my self and didn't hit my target hold time so I punished my pussy!"

"I'm going to stink you know that!"

"Yup, So are your little feet!" Giggled Becky.

"I totally forgot they even got pissy! For god sake why am I doing this?!"

"Because you want to be a bladder queen like me! You want to be the boss of your pussy and your bladder, remember?"

"Oh yeah how could I forget?"

3 episodes into the show and Becky still had 5 hours of holding left. She was beginning to get worried. Her bladder was already sending signals to relieve its self. It was 8 and a half hours since her poor bladder had relief. She gripped her pussy tight. Abi noticed and grabbed her pussy as well.

"I have to pee again already Becky! Please can I go and pee?"

"Me too!" Admitted Becky. "At least you can pee whenever you want. I have to hold it! But it will be through that little onesie!"

"No fair!" Moaned Abi.

"Perfectly fair. I did say your punishment would be that you had to wait till 10pm sewn into that onesie!"

Abi gripped her pussy through her damp onesie and panties. She knew that it was going to end up soaked again before 10! She may as well give up and not have to sit through the discomfort of holding her pee again.

She stood up and teased Becky.

"Ooooh I'm soooo full Becky! I better relief my self hadn't I." She squat down directly in front of her friend and pulled her onesie up tight against her pussy. Becky saw the damp patch she already had and all she could think of was relief. Her pussy quivered and her bladder throbbed. She slid her hand tight between her legs and grabbed hard. Abi let one big spurt out. Enough to re-soaked a patch around her pussy. It tickled her clitty as it sprayed through the fabric and then she clamped the flow off.

"Mmmmm it feels soooo nice to be able to pee when I want to!" She teased. "Having a pee soaked fanny is fine if it means torturing you. Have you gotta pee Becky?"

"No! I don't have to pee at all!" She removed her hand from her pussy and instantly felt it spasm with desperation. She regretted her decision immediately!

Abi shuffled closer slightly and let another big spurt out. Again Becky felt her pee hole demand to be relieved but again she forced it to clamp shut. By now Abi was letting a small flow through her onsie. It was splashing on the floor with a delicate tinkling sound. Becky's bladder was begging for relief but she continued to deny it any chance.

"Ooooh this feels soooo nice to just relief my poor bladder. Why don't you do the same Becky?"

"I won't! I will not give into my stupid bladder! It will hold my piss as long as I demand!"

Abi stood up after finishing her relief and walked closer to Becky. She pulled her onesie up tight in front of her and showed her the lovely glistening wet patch.

"This actually feels kinda nice now I am used to it. It feels all warm and relieving."

"I WILL NOT PISS!" Becky frowned. She twinged and grabbed her pussy tight again. "NONE IS COMING OUT UNTIL 10PM!"

At this point she was beginning to panic. She knew full well her pussy would give in way before 10pm, and that would open her up to punishment from Abi!

The girls sat on the sofa through another whole hour of Stranger things. Abi sat content that she was relieved. She had lost interest in whether he pussy would stink. At the end of the day it was it's own fault for letting go of her pee without permission. Becky on the other hand was fighting a loosing battle. Her pussy was twitching every minute, her bladder pounding with desperation. She had to pee! And now!

She struggled to her feet, her hands pressed tightly into her pussy. She was physically sweating all over from how strained she was from holding. She slowly hobbled away from the sofa when suddenly it happened. Her pussy instantly became much hotter, a jet of pee had sprayed out of her pee hole and been deflected all around the inside of her panties by the band aid. She knew it was the end of the hold and struggled into a squat position where her pussy fully gave way. A huge wet patch formed instantly, and then loads of individual dribbled of pee came pouring from her tight jeans. She whimpered with relief as her pussy bathed it's self in piss. She looked over her shoulder at Abi who was watching mesmerized.

"I....I couldn't make it Abi...I just couldn't!" She whimpered.

"You poor thing! Aww your poor little pussy is going to be such a stinky mess Becky!"

"I know! I know! It deserves it! I can't believe it gave up so easy!"

She continued to squat for around 40 seconds, the puddle growing around her feet.

"I had to pee sooo bad Abi! I am so sorry! I thought I could make it!"

"It's your pussy you should be apologizing to! Letting it pee it's self means it will be punished!"

"Please don't make it too bad!"

"I'm having to sit in a onesie for 8 hours, that I have peed twice Becky! Your punishment will be harsh!"

"Fine!" She pouted as she stood up. Pee still dripping from her jeans.

It was only around 7pm and Abi was planning her punishment.

"I know Becky. You may remove that Band aid from between your legs. However, you will be pulling your pissy panties back up, sleeping in them, and then spending all day tomorrow wearing them!"

"That's sooo harsh!"

"Your pussy deserves it! Such a let down peeing 3 hours before when you said you would!"

"Fine! As long as I get to make you smell it after!"

"Deal! I dread to think how pissy mine smells now!"

The girls settled down for the rest of the evening sat in their pissy panties, jeans, and onesie. They had both been seriously dirty all day. Once it reached 9:30pm, 30 minutes before Abi's release, she stood up and again squatted in front of Becky.

"May as well make it 3 times, after all, you're licking me clean in 30 minutes!" A torrent of pee splashed through her onesie yet again. Becky sat in amazement as her best friend wet her self for the 3rd time in the same panties and onesie. How nice it would be to lick that stinky pussy clean afterwards!


