Even Superheroes Need to Pee (Or More)

Author: JamesK

*000*2025-09-14 05:35

I’ve been on a major superhero kick lately, having finally started reading the comics after years of loving all other superhero media. So I intend to write a few new superhero stories, although my comic knowledge is very limited. I will be taking suggestions, but only for characters I think I have a decent grasp on.

Marvel Universe 933: INVISIBLE WOMAN

The Invisible Woman Susan Storm sat with rapt attention as her fiancé Reed Richards briefed the Fantastic Four on their mission.

“Thank you all for coming down to the briefing room so quickly,” Reed said. Sue and her brother Johnny had been recording data from Reed’s latest experiment when they heard Mr. Fantastic’s voice echo through the Baxter Building intercom to gather in the briefing room.

“Ten minutes ago we received data that confirms the NGO Advanced Idea Mechanics, aka A.I.M., is on the verge of launching their own orbital missile platform, capable of launching hypersonic rockets at any location on Earth. A.I.M. could hold the governments of the world hostage with a weapon like this, demanding ransom from every country in the world. And any country that failed to pay… it doesn’t bear thinking about,” Reed continued.

“Where’d we get a tip like this from, Stretcho?” Ben Grimm asked. The rocky man leaned forward. “Isn’t this a little over our heads?”

“A whistleblower within A.I.M. by the name of Nancy Rushman,” Reed said. “She also said that A.I.M. has paid some very steep bribes to very important people, and she therefore doesn’t trust the military with this intel. They won’t be able to act in time, if at all.”

Sue shifted uncomfortably in her seat. Time was of the essence… but she hadn’t been to the bathroom in some time. Sue was originally counting on being able to visit the toilet for a quick pee after recording the data from their experiment, but such a luxury was now out of the question.

“We, however, will be en route in ten minutes. The plane is being prepped. I’ll see you there.”

Reed looked to each of his teammates for any objections. When none were forthcoming, he strode off towards the launch room. Sue stood and rushed off to her changing room to change into her unstable molecule uniform. She stripped out of her lab clothes, leaving her standing only in her pink cherry blossom patterned underwear.

Sue had gotten well practiced at quickly donning her costume for emergency responses, but she still didn’t think she would be fast enough to use the bathroom before the Fantastic Four’s departure. Deciding to forgo her pee break, Sue joined the three men on the roof just over eight minutes after the briefing, and the plane was racing over the Atlantic after another five. It would take only an hour to reach A.I.M.’s floating ocean base.

During this time, the team looked over the schematics of A.I.M.’s base that their whistleblower had sent. While formulating their plans, Sue’s bladder continued to fill steadily. The plane was a marvel of engineering, with one major oversight in this particular case: there was no lavatory. Sue crossed her legs tightly, jiggling her right foot as she endeavored to focus on the schematics in front of her.

Despite Invisible Woman’s best efforts, her bloated bladder made it very difficult to concentrate on Mr. Fantastic’s plan. She uncrossed her legs and bounced her heel rapidly on the deck of the plane, clenching and unclenching her fist as Reed explained that the best option was to fly the modular crew compartment onto the A.I.M. facility and attempt to sneak into the launch center. The crew compartment pod was designed with the same modular philosophy of the Fantasticar, meaning that it was capable of maneuvering on its own.

The whistleblower had told them that she would ensure a helipad is clear when they arrive, and lead them to the central computer. From there, Mr. Fantastic would hack into the system and upload a virus that would wipe all data on the orbital weapon out of A.I.M.’s servers. They would then destroy the satellite itself to ensure it would be completely unrecoverable.

“A.I.M.’s launch is now T-minus 38 minutes,” Reed said.

“Approaching A.I.M. facility,” The Thing replied. “I’ll set autopilot to circle 75 miles out. That’ll give us roughly twenty minutes between activating our homing beacon and the plane’s landing.”

“I’ll turn us invisible as soon as we’re out of the plane,” Sue said.

“This ride sure is going to beat the hell out of the Coney Island Cyclone,” said Johnny.

“Ejection in three… two… one.” Reed hit a button as he counted to one, launching the crew compartment out of the aircraft. The violent ejection jolted Sue’s bladder, nearly causing her to leak. The ejected pod fell to the earth, the A.I.M. base not even visible yet. The Invisible Woman placed both hands on her armrests and focused her powers, causing the pod to vanish from sight.

It was a rather disconcerting image, seeing nothing but clouds and the fast approaching ocean surface as the Fantastic Four plummeted downward. Sue’s bladder pulsed, and she took advantage of the fact that they were invisible to openly hold herself. She buried her hands in her crotch, trying her best to alleviate the constantly growing pressure within her.

The Fantastic Four approached A.I.M.’s floating fortress, and Sue was taken aback by how massive it was. There was a central launch pad dominated by the rocket that would take A.I.M.’s orbital weapon into space, and the pad was surrounded by four floating platforms that dwarfed even the largest oil rigs in the world.

“Somebody’s overcompensating,” Johnny said. Despite the cavalier tone, even the Human Torch couldn’t keep the amazement out of his voice.

“Their ego might be to our advantage,” Reed mused. “It should make it easier to land unnoticed.”

Sue saw the helipad Rushman had said would be open and called out “Clear helipad on northeast side.”

The Thing grunted in response and deftly landed the pod on the helipad. No guards were present, no sirens were ringing. “Looks like we still got the element of surprise,” Ben said.

The Fantastic Four disembarked in hostile territory, Sue maintaining their invisibility. As she jumped to the ground, she crossed her legs and dipped at her knees. The Thing pushed the pod against a wall and covered it with a tarp. Invisible Woman wouldn’t be able to keep the pod invisible as they infiltrated the facility.

They opened the door into the base and immediately found themselves face to face with a red haired woman in a black catsuit. The hallway behind her was littered with unconscious and barely conscious A.I.M. mercenaries. She wore gauntlets on her wrists, and a belt of bronze discs on her waist. A pair of sleek black pistols were also holstered on her belt.

The woman looked at the door, which from her perspective must have seemed to open by itself, and said “I was starting to think you wouldn’t make it, Fantastic Four.”

Sue was taken aback for a moment until she realized that the woman must have been expecting them. “Nancy Rushman, I presume?” Sue asked, dismissing the team’s invisibility.

“Some days,” Rushman smirked. She turned around and beckoned the Fantastic Four to follow her down the passageway. “But today, you can call me Black Widow. I’ve cleared the path to the control tower, we don’t need to go invisible.”

“You don’t look like any scientist I’ve ever seen,” said Johnny, unable to keep his eyes off of Black Widow as the five of them rushed through the facility.

Ben noticed Johnny’s gaze and gave him a light smack on the back of his head. “Keep your head in the game, Matchstick.”

“Catsuit give me away?” Widow asked sarcastically. “My cover was blown when I contacted you, so I decided to change into something more comfortable.”

Sue remained silent as they ran, focusing all her attention on not maintaining her hold on her bladder. The running was playing hell on her overtaxed muscles as it is, and a spurt of urine slipped out to dampen her panties.

“Just exactly who are you?” Reed asked Black Widow.

“That’s classified.”

Ben snorted derisively. “You spooks are always the same, huh? ‘That’s classified.’ Give me a break!”

Widow ignored Ben’s comment. “I scoped out the security measures in place. The system is controlled by a security key that I’ve already procured, and the launch can be controlled by two emergency buttons on opposite ends of the room.”

“I’ve developed a virus like you asked, Widow,” Reed said. “I can upload it while the others-“

“INTRUDER ALERT. INTRUDER ALERT. ALL SECURITY FORCES REPORT TO RFI.”

The sudden alarm caused Sue to leak again, and she glanced down at her pants to check if her pee had soaked through to the outside yet. No stain was visible yet, but her panties felt very wet.

“Dammit!” Widow exclaimed. “The scientist who caught me must have woken up. Or been found.”

“How far to the control center?” Reed asked.

“Just around this corner!” Widow turned said corner as she spoke, then immediately fired a grappling line from her wrist. The Fantastic Four rounded the corner in that moment, to see Black Widow completely surrounded by eight A.I.M. soldiers. It seemed that they were caught off guard by Widow’s near superhuman reaction time, as none were able to open fire before she was too close to their comrades to shoot at her without risking friendly fire.

Widow’s legs were wrapped around one soldier’s neck, having used the her grappling line’s momentum to bring him to the ground. Invisible Woman projected a force field to one side of Widow and slammed it against the wall, sandwiching three guards between her psionic field and the metal wall. The Thing charged at the remaining four men, throwing them aside like bowling pins. The Human Torch was suddenly alight in a fiery blaze as he flew to the door, Invisible Woman and Mr. Fantastic following as fast as they could. Sue dropped the force field holding up the three guards and they crumpled to the ground unconscious.

The superheroes entered the control room and found five scientists standing at a long console with seven monitors. The front of the room was a massive window overlooking the launch pad and rocket. Before the scientists could say anything, Mr. Fantastic stretched his arms to encircle the scientists and bind them all together tightly. Black Widow approached them and emitted a puff of smoke from her gauntlet in each scientist’s face. They all collapsed to the ground one by one.

“I call it the Widow’s Kiss,” she said. “They’ll be unconscious for hours.”

Johnny stepped up to one of the monitors and said “Yeah, looks like you were right, Widow. Every guard in the facility is on their way here. It’s gonna be a hot exit.”

At the Human Torch’s words, a door charge on other end of the room blasted the door off its hinges. Invisible Woman managed to react fast enough to deflect it with a force field, sending it slamming against the observation window. The sudden movement caused her to also let loose a nearly two second spurt of pee. Sue looked down to see an uneven wet stain roughly the size of a dinner plate on her blue uniform pants.

Soldiers began firing indiscriminately into the room, bullets ricocheting around until Sue put up another force field to block out the hallway. The guards continued to hammer away at the force field, but Invisible Woman managed to keep it up.

Reed and Black Widow worked in tandem to gain control of the facility’s computer, and Ben took position with Johnny at the other door to hold the line. More guards were spilling into the hallways, Ben and Johnny were fighting for their lives. The window blared an alarm and slowly began to open, guards repelling in front of it. The Invisible Woman vaulted over the console, dropping her force field from the door to instead plant her feet shoulder width apart and create a bubble around herself, Mr. Fantastic, and Black Widow.

The A.I.M. soldiers poured in through the now unguarded door, firing relentlessly at Sue’s shield. There Sue Storm stood, both arms outstretched to hold up the domed force field, when her bladder finally gave in. The Invisible Woman was wetting her pants. Urine burst out of her like a faucet, instantly soaking her cherry blossom panties. Pee streamed down her legs and pooled in her boots, other rivulets dripping directly off her legs to form a puddle on the floor. Sue buckled at the knees slightly, trying her best to ignore the hot pee wicking up the ass of her suit. She didn’t even have time to be embarrassed, as her focus was entirely on keeping her barriers impenetrable.

“I have control of the rocket!” Reed called out from the console. He slammed a button, and the window closed once again. Invisible Woman was still peeing, almost glad for the fact that the amount of gunfire around them meant no one could hear her pee hissing against her pants or splattering on the ground. Mr. Fantastic input a few more commands into the computer, then stretched his arms to reach the red buttons on opposite ends of the massive console. “Ben, Johnny, huddle up!”

The Human Torch picked up the Thing from the hallway and raced toward Invisible Woman and Mr. Fantastic. Sue opened the top of her domed force field to let them in, then closed the shield back up. Her pee stream finally came to a stop, leaving residual urine dripping to the floor one drop at a time. Reed turned his head directly behind himself like an owl to verify that everyone was safely inside his fiancée’s force field before hitting the two red buttons. The flames erupted from the rocket before their eyes, carrying its massive bulk out of the facility- and turning it in a parabolic arc towards the ocean.

The sheer force of the sudden turn was too much for the rocket. A.I.M.’s masterpiece of engineering was torn apart by the maneuver Reed forced it through, causing it to explode in a massive fireball in the sky. The pieces plummeted into the ocean, causing waves to crash into the facility and rocking in like a cradle.

An eerie silence filled the facility. A.I.M.’s personnel seemed unsure of what to do next, now that their master plan had failed. Some turned tail and ran, but others redoubled their efforts to kill Black Widow and the Fantastic Four. With the satellite out of the picture though, the super team made short work of the remaining soldiers. Once the room was clear, Sue could finally relax.

“Great Job Fantastic Four!” Reed said. “I’ve hit the return command on the plane, it will be back shortly. We should be proud of what we accomplished today!”

Johnny hopped into one of the console chairs and spun it in a circle with his hands intertwined behind his head. “Just another day for-“ he stopped mid spin as his gaze fell on Sue, finally noticing the dark blue stain between her legs.

“Uh, sis? Did you…?”

The rest of the team looked at her, and Sue’s face turned bright red. Now that the adrenaline from the fight was winding down, she was left only with the feeling of the rapidly cooling wet uniform snugly hugging her figure. While obvious from both a front view and her rear that she had peed her pants, the stain on the front of her costume wasn’t nearly as big as the one on the back. The semi squatting position she had been in when her accident happened meant that her ass was coated liberally in urine, nearly halfway to her waist.

There was no denying what she did. Their small family had had their powers for six months by now, and faced many dangers in that time. But it was she who had the dubious honor of being the only one of them to have wet themselves on a mission. Sue wanted nothing more than to turn invisible, though as it would accomplish nothing she decided against it.

“It’s… exactly what it looks like,” Sue took a deep breath, then shrugged. “There was just no opportunity to use the bathroom, and I wet myself. What can I say?”

“No shame in it, Suzie,” Ben said gruffly. “When you gotta go, you gotta go I guess.”

“None of us think any less of you,” Reed assured her.

Black Widow said “It happens more often than you think, Storm. I’d actually respect you less if you prioritized relieving yourself over accomplishing the mission.”

Sue shifted uncomfortably, feeling the wet fabric rub against her skin and the urine sloshing in her boots. Before she could say anything, one of Black Widow’s gauntlets emitted a beep. Widow lifted it to her face. A cool official sounding voice suddenly sounded from the raised gauntlet. “Helicarrier to Black Widow, please update on the situation.”

“Black Widow to Helicarrier. Target has been neutralized. Zone is cold.”

“Copy Black Widow. We will be on location in ten mikes.”

“Copy Helicarrier. Black Widow standing by.”

Reed glared at the spy. “Something you want to tell us, Widow? What happened to ‘A.I.M. has too many politicians in their pockets to trust the military?’ “

“I’m not with the military,” Widow replied shortly. “And you won’t get any more out of me until you meet with the director.”

“Director?” Sue asked. “Director of what?” Sue was not very enthusiastic about the idea of meeting whoever this director was while in her very wet pants.

“He’ll debrief you personally,” Widow said.

Johnny snorted. “Well that clears things up.”

Twenty minutes later, Black Widow and the Fantastic Four were landing their plane’s crew compartment on the deck of a massive floating aircraft carrier. The five superheroes disembarked to a crowd of cheering soldiers, aircrew, and agents. Sue began to blush furiously.

It was embarrassing enough for just her Fantastic family to see her wet uniform, but now she was about to walk through a crowd of hundreds of strangers with her peed pants on full display. She swallowed her pride and followed Black Widow, ignoring the whispering that was now also joining the cheers. One crewman even pointed at her pants, though he immediately regretted it when he saw the Thing glaring menacingly at him. Black Widow led them to a row of staterooms just inside the skin of the ship. “Each of these staterooms has a personal shower and clothes that should fit you. Even you, Mr. Grimm. I will be back in an hour to bring you to your meeting with the director,” Widow said. Grateful as Sue was to finally be offered a shower and some clean clothes, she was not happy at being led around like this.

“Widow, stop. We are private citizens. We came here because we wanted to help, but we aren’t doing one more thing until you give us some information,” Sue demanded. She stood boldly, no longer caring about the obvious urine stain on her costume. Her family nodded in agreement and stared resolutely at the spy.

Black Widow looked at them for a moment. “Very well. This is the Helicarrier, mobile command center of S.H.I.E.L.D.”

“And just what exactly is S.H.I.E.L.D.?” Reed asked.

“Strategic Homeland Intervention, Enforcement and Logistics Division. Officially, it doesn’t exist. We’re an extra-governmental agency dedicated to defending against threats that world powers are either unwilling or unable to take on themselves. Nick Fury is our director, and he is very interested in meeting anyone with exceptional abilities such as yourselves.”

Black Widow spoke with them for about twenty minutes before the superheroes were satisfied that S.H.I.E.L.D. was not an openly malicious entity, at which point she informed them that they now had forty minutes before she would escort them to their meeting with the director. Sue withdrew to the first stateroom in the row and at long last took her much needed shower. As promised, Widow was back precisely forty minutes to lead the Fantastic Four to their meeting with the enigmatic Director Nick Fury.

*002*2025-09-14 13:42

{{19 minutes ago, Caraxes said:

Love the story, a superhero kick is always fun.

Who else do you have planned to write about?

}}

I’ve already started on a Black Widow focused story, and I have some ideas for Kitty Pryde, Barbara Gordon Batgirl and Gwen Stacy Spider-Woman.

*007*2025-09-18 16:54

Universe 933: Black Widow

Black Widow Natasha Romanoff was deep in the Latverian wilderness, searching for lost billionaire Tony Stark. Latvaria had been at war with its neighbor Symkaria for three years, and Stark Industries had been selling arms to the US backed Symkarians the entire time. But the billionaire playboy himself was now missing, after a weapons demonstration turned into a deadly attack by the Latvarians.

Tony Stark’s disappearance was of deep concern to S.H.I.E.L.D., as many of their own most advanced weapons were of Stark’s design. If he broke under interrogation S.H.I.E.L.D. would have to undertake drastic security measures and possibly even need to completely overhaul their entire arsenal. Black Widow was following tire tracks from the scene of the attack, hoping that the attackers had taken Stark directly to wherever they were holding him. It was a desperate hope, but the only lead Natasha had. So she had been dropped off from a S.H.I.E.L.D. quinjet with a standard rucksack containing a week’s worth of supplies and got to work.

Natasha’s hope was rewarded after two days of tracking. She discovered a hidden Latverian outpost so heavily guarded that she doubted it could be anything less than the hiding place of a hostage Tony Stark. So Black Widow set up a surveillance nest to observe the base. Her orders were simple: rescue Stark if possible. But above all else she was to ensure that the enemy could get no intel from him; and experience had taught her that it was very difficult to obtain intel from a corpse.

For three hours Black Widow observed the compound through the scope of a sniper rifle, never once averting her eyes. The grounds around the compound were filled with boxes of Stark Industries weapons, but nothing that looked like his top line products to her. Her bladder filled precipitously, but the seasoned spy ignored it. She could not afford to look away and miss her shot. Natasha made mental notes of the guard’s movements, their postings, their equipment. If she had more time she would have liked to attempt a probing attack to observe their response, but there was none.

Another hour passed and Natasha was beginning to resign herself to the possibility of having to infiltrate the facility itself to find Stark, if he was even there. If she decided on that course of action she would retreat to a farther position and sleep until nightfall so she could be rested and infiltrate the compound under cover of darkness. The one plus side to that would be the chance to relieve herself, as her bladder was becoming distractingly full. Lying on her belly was certainly not helping her need to pee, but there was no better position for long distance sharpshooting. Her feet, splayed out behind her, couldn’t stay still.

Another thirty minutes passed with no sign of the billionaire. Black Widow’s bladder ached, and she couldn’t stop shaking her knees. If she could only hold herself, her discomfort would be more bearable, but she needed both hands on her rifle to keep the sight aligned. A wave of desperation came over her, and she had to squeeze her legs tightly together to keep from leaking in her black military style panties. Natasha decided that if she didn’t see anything in the next ten minutes, she would go forward with her infiltration plan.

At that moment, she saw movement. Black Widow focused through the sight of her rifle and saw the one and only Tony Stark being led out of the facility. His hands were behind his head, and a guard held a gun to the small of his back. He wore a tattered robe and didn’t seem to have a shirt on. Natasha’s crosshairs passed over Stark’s face, and she hesitated. She saw not fear in his eyes, or defeat or anguish. She saw anger and defiance in him; he had not been broken by whatever the Latverians had put him through.

Natasha’s bladder burned, but she still refused to move from her position. She saw the door that Stark had emerged from opened again, and another hostage was led out. Stark glared at the guard holding the other man at gunpoint, and strode to one of the crates. He was getting closer to Natasha’s nest- now might be the best shot she would have on him. She lined up her crosshairs on him and tried to steady her rifle, but she couldn’t. She was shaking too much from her overfilled bladder.

Black Widow resigned herself to her duty; she would likely only have one shot and she couldn’t risk missing. Natasha willingly relaxed her hold on her overtaxed bladder and began to pee in her catsuit. It wasn’t the first time she had gone to the bathroom in her costume during a mission, and it likely wouldn’t be the last. Black Widow heard her pee hissing against the material of her catsuit and felt it collecting in a hot puddle under her. Some of the hot liquid wicked upwards along her asscrack, but mostly it just flowed directly down into the puddle. She shivered slightly and refocused through her scope, still peeing freely in her black panties. Her eyes on Stark once again, she was now steady enough to get a clear shot. Natasha aimed for the billionaire’s heart, but saw something very unusual that made her own heart stop.

Tony Stark’s robe was slightly open at the chest, revealing a bright light. Natasha looked closely at the light and saw that it seemed to be a device surgically grafted to him, though for what purpose she couldn’t fathom. It looked like… like a miniaturized version of the classified arc reactors that Stark had designed for the S.H.I.E.L.D. Helicarrier.

Black Widow shifted, causing the still growing puddle she was lying in to ripple around her as she tried to get a closer look at the thing on Tony Stark’s chest. The reactor on the Helicarrier was the size of an average barn, and neither Stark nor any of S.H.I.E.L.D.’s best engineers had any ideas on how to make it smaller. Clearly intense life-threatening pressure had inspired a stroke of genius in Mr. Stark. This technology could not fall into the wrong hands; and killing Tony Stark in the middle of a Latverian black site would make it all too easy for them to reverse engineer it. Natasha’s pee stream tapered off, but she no longer had any intention of assassinating Stark. She would instead be rescuing him tonight.

Stark had only been outside in the compound grounds for four minutes before the guards forced him back inside, but in that time Black Widow had wet herself and completely changed the parameters of her mission. Through her scope she tracked the guards who shut Tony and the hostage back into the facility to a guard shack where the keys might be held. When Natasha had gleaned all she could from surveillance, she decided to move to a new location to get some rest.

The spy stood up from her prone position, carefully avoiding exposing any dry portions of her costume to the now cooled pool of urine she had been lying in. She looked down at the puddle of her own making and guessed it to be roughly two and a half feet in diameter. The front of her catsuit was completely soaked from her knees to just below her naval, and there was some wetness that had crept up the ass of her suit as well. No shame or embarrassment welled within the spy, no feelings at all apart from mild discomfort. She had seen men and women of all kinds piss their pants on her many missions, and she had long since accepted that it was simply part of the life she led.

Black Widow found a secluded cave in the wilderness a half mile away from her earlier nest and quickly determined that there were no hostiles, nor any human tracks that suggested the Latverians patrolled nearby. Upon entering the cave the spy stripped out of her wet catsuit and panties, then cleaned her legs with some wipes from her rucksack. Said rucksack also contained two spare catsuits and underwear, which she gratefully changed into.

*This was a shorter chapter because I’ve decided to split what was one story into two parts, because part two included messing. I’ll do a separate thread for those stories so that those who dislike messing can read the stories on this topic safely. If anyone wants to read part two with no messing, let me know and I’ll create an edited version, but it won’t have any accidents in the wetting only thread.

*008*2025-10-17 15:01

Earth 938: Batgirl

Batgirl Barbara Gordon swung through the air on her grappling line as she studied Gotham City, awaiting a call to action. She alighted upon one of Gotham’s suspiciously plentiful gargoyles and sat down. She had been Batgirl for just over a year, having been accepted into Batman’s small family of crime fighters after much deliberation by the Caped Crusader. She was alone on patrol tonight, as Bruce was hosting a Wayne Foundation chdinner and Dick was off with the Teen Titans. It was nice to have a rare moment of peace in Gotham.

No sooner had the thought crossed Batgirl’s mind than she heard a beep through her cowl. “Batcave to Batgirl,” the posh voice of Alfred Pennyworth said.

Barbara smirked at the timing. “Go for Batgirl.”

“Firefly has been spotted setting a blaze at an apartment building on 128th Street West and Gardner Avenue.”

“I’m en route.” Barbara stood up and stepped to the ledge. It didn’t matter how many times she did it, jumping off skyscrapers always took her breath away. She dove, feeling the familiar weightless sensation that accompanied free falling. The feeling also made her aware of a pressure in her bladder, which ratcheted up in intensity as she fell.

Batgirl activated the current on her memory cloth cape to glide on the air as she approached her parked Batcycle. Turning the ignition, she sped off along Gardner Avenue toward the fire. Batgirl caught sight of the blaze and skidded to a halt beside the fire chief.

“Batgirl!” He exclaimed. “That arsonist maniac is still inside. We can’t make entry as long as he’s still-“ the fire chief was interrupted by an explosion on the seventh floor. Batgirl fired a grappling line at the broken window with no hesitation and dove into the building. Garfield Lynns, aka Firefly was standing there, seemingly enraptured by the flames. Barbara felt another twinge in her bladder but ignored it. “Should I leave you and the fire alone for a moment, Garfield?”

Firefly turned to face Batgirl but instead caught her preemptive kick to his face. He recovered nearly instantaneously due to his protective helmet, and sprayed a jet of fire at the vigilante. She covered herself with the flame retardant cape and fired her batclaw at the ceiling above Firefly. Batgirl’s plan was to swing towards the villain and use her momentum and body weight to pull the pyromaniac to the ground, but she had misjudged how damaged the building already was.

The grappling line tore down the section of roof above Firefly’s head and buried him in burning rubble. Lynns’s suit would protect him from the flames, but Batgirl was unsure if he was still conscious. One of her utility belt pouches contained polyvalent powder pellets used to combat fires, one of which she threw at the pile of rubble covering Firefly and began to shift the debris. Lynns was alive, but unconscious.

Batgirl brought Lynns to the waiting police and paramedics, then began to assist with search and rescue. Her bladder continued to fill as she worked to free the trapped civilians, not helped by her need to constantly drink water to counter the heat from the flames. After an hour and a half of tireless work, the fire was out and the residents were safe. Batgirl decided that the fire department had control of the situation and departed so that she could use the bathroom at a nearby safe house.

Batman had established several safe houses throughout the city away from prying eyes for the trio to resupply, tend to injuries, or relieve themselves. Batgirl raced her motorcycle through the streets, heading for the nearest of these locations. A block away from her destination (and her relief) Barbara heard a blood curdling scream. She instantly slammed the breaks, which caused her bladder to throb painfully. The vigilante turned the Batcycle around and shot off towards the direction of the scream.

Turning a corner, Batgirl saw the scream’s source: three masked men holding a couple at gunpoint. The men turned towards the sound of the approaching motorcycle and fired at Batgirl. She jumped off of the bike and tackled the closest mugger, slamming his head into the ground. She kicked the knee of the second mugger, her bladder screaming in protest at the move. The mugger’s knee cracked and he crumpled to the ground. The third mugger tried to run, but Barbara fired her Batclaw at his foot and yanked. The man fell face first into the concrete, breaking his nose. Batgirl pulled the men together to tie them up for the police when the couple that had been held up rushed up to her.

“Bless you, Batgirl!” The man said. The woman nodded fervently in agreement. Batgirl nodded curtly at the couple, not wanting to drag this out while she had to go to the bathroom so badly.

“The police are on the way,” she told them both. Without another word, Batgirl mounted her bike again and drove off, hoping to finally take her well earned pee break. And then another beep from her cowl sounded.

“Come in Batgirl,” Alfred said. Barbara grimaced; so much for a bathroom break.

“Batgirl here.”

“Gotham Central Bank’s silent alarm has just gone off. I’ve accessed their security feed and it appears to be a hostage situation.”

“I’m on my way,” Batgirl said. “How the hell did Batman do this alone for two years?” she muttered to herself. It was hard enough just finding a suitable place to relieve oneself while patrolling, let alone finding the time. She was well used to long nights with limited bathroom breaks but that didn’t make it any less frustrating. Barbara had had many close calls, to include a few occasions where her panties had not been entirely dry by the end of the night. Tonight may well be one of those nights. She was wearing some very appropriate bat patterned orange panties that Dick had gifted her as a joke, and she was beginning to lose confidence that they would remain dry.

The batcycle roared along the road, speeding to Gotham Central Bank. The rumbling of the motorcycle below her was playing hell with Barbara’s very full bladder, making her wish fervently that she could hold herself while she drove. Batgirl spotted the flashing police lights on the street by the bank as the hostage negotiator had set up her Incident Command Post. The negotiator was Renee Montoya, one of Commissioner Gordon’s few trusted officers.

“Officer Montoya,” Batgirl said as she stepped off the batcycle. Despite her desperation, she walked steadily to the officer and managed to avoid squirming. Montoya gave Batgirl only a quick glance before looking back to her notes. “We haven’t made contact with the hostage takers yet. We’re still assessing the situation. The bank’s own security measures make it nearly impossible to get a SWAT team in without alerting the hostage takers, and the bulletproof windows mean we can’t get a shot with snipers.”

Batgirl nodded. She triggered the infrared spectrum filter on her cowl’s lenses and surveyed the bank. A strong urge surged through Barbara’s bladder, and she squeezed her legs tightly together. She wanted nothing more than to cross her legs or bend her knees, but her iron will refused to allow her to show such outward displays of her discomfort.

One of the most powerful tools in the Batfamily arsenal was the myth they had allowed the criminal underworld to erect around themselves. That Batman and his allies were the spirit of vengeance itself, and that no ordinary human could beat any of them. And to that end, Batgirl could not be seen dancing around like a little girl desperate for the bathroom. “Eight hostages, six hostiles,” Batgirl told Montoya. Montoya snapped her fingers at an officer with a notepad whose nameplate read O’Neil and began to write as Batgirl continued.

“Seven of the hostages are tied up in the center of the bank, guarded by two men. One hostage is in an office, one man on him as well. One man patrolling the perimeter, and two on the vault door.” Batgirl had also transmitted her observations to Alfred, who confirmed.

“I don’t have visual inside the vault,” Alfred added. “The interior camera is down. And the material makes in impossible for even your cowl to scan inside.”

Batgirl then drew a small hacking device from her belt.

“I’m going to access the bank’s security system,” she said.

“Gotham Central is supposed to be the most secure system in-“ O’Neil started.

“I’m in,” said Batgirl. O’Neil looked shocked, but Montoya just smirked. A spurt of urine leaked out to dampen Barbara’s panties, but she still managed to maintain her composure. “I’ll make entry from the roof, shouldn’t take more than four minutes to clear the scene. I’ve already disabled the door locks so you can enter behind me, but don’t try unless shots are fired or you’ll endanger the hostages.”

Without waiting for a response, Batgirl fired her ascension cable at the roof of the bank and soared away. On the roof, free from any observers, Batgirl allowed herself to briefly indulge in a pee dance. She held herself between her legs as she bent her knees and squeezed her legs together tightly. The temporary relief was heavenly, but all too soon Batgirl had to force herself to stop. She entered the building and began to swiftly and silently knock out the robbers.

The perimeter guard she took on first, hitting him with a taser from her belt before knocking him cold with an uppercut. Then Barbara moved on to the office hostage taker, stepping into the room above the office he was in. She leaked again, losing a spurt that likely would have left a stain on most normal pants. But Batgirl didn’t even break her stride. She examined the floor for a second and decided that it was structurally weak enough for her explosive gel to break. A small pattern of gel layered on the floor should shower the criminal in debris without lethal force.

Batgirl perched above the two robbers guarding the hostages and saw to her relief that they were not poised to immediately execute them. Their rifles were at a ready position, not aimed at the civilians. Barbara triggered the explosion to knock out the office guard at the same time that she threw a smoke pellet at the robbers in front of her. The men sputtered and coughed, but didn’t have time to react before she was upon them. A batarang to the hand of one caused him to drop his rifle, and the other fell to a flying kick in the head as Batgirl glided down to them. The disarmed robber drew a knife and lunged at Barbara, but she dodged the blow and brought her fist to the back of his shoulder. She simultaneously swept her foot under his to take his leg out from under him, slamming him hard to the floor. Another spurt of urine escaped her, a rivulet of pee dripping down her leg before she managed to clench it off.

“Four down, two to go,” Batgirl muttered to herself. And she even managed to not completely wet her pants yet. She freed the tied hostages even as the hostage who had been in the office ran out, unharmed but still shaken by the explosion that had knocked out the man who had threatened him. With all the hostages safe, Batgirl could focus on the ones in the vault.

“I’m going to the vault,” she said to Alfred over the comms. “I’ll likely lose signal when I enter the basement.”

“Understood, Batgirl,” Alfred replied.

Barbara carefully descended the steps to the basement, prepared for the robbers to be aware that their job had gone sideways. Scanning the room with her cowl’s sonar imaging, Batgirl saw that she was right. The men had abandoned their robbery tools and were instead standing back to back with their weapons at the ready. Batgirl slipped a hand to her belt and pulled out a flash bang.

She bounced the flash bang grenade off the corner of the corridor, causing it fall right in front of the robbers.

A bright blue flash erupted from the grenade, and the two remaining robbers dropped to their knees with their hands clapped over their eyes. Batgirl took advantage of the opening she created and jumped the men, incapacitating them in seconds. The timer she had set on her HUD when speaking with O’Neil and Montoya showed that she still had thirty-seven seconds left of the four minutes she had allotted herself to clear the scene.

BANG.

The vault door burst open, and Batgirl’s bladder finally burst with it. As hot pee ran down her legs, Batgirl saw the reason for the video surveillance being down. An enormously muscular man emerged from the vault, tubes of green liquid connecting to the back of his masked head: Bane. Peeing oneself would be an understandable reaction from any person coming face to face with Bane. The villain had broken Batman’s back. He was capable of dismembering a man with his bare hands, and strength aside he was a tactical genius.

But none of that made Batgirl peeing her pants in front of him any less humiliating. She was supposed to be a superhero. But here she stood, facing one of the most dangerous enemies of the Batfamily- and she was pissing herself. Her batsuit material was hydrophobic, but waterproofing was not the intention. As a result, droplets of pee were seeping to the outside of her pants through the minuscule pores of her suit, collecting and pouring down her legs in visible mini waterfalls. The pee that wasn’t seeping out was instead running down her legs to collect in her boots.

Bane sneered at Batgirl as she continued to pee her pants, a puddle forming around her as urine splashed to the floor.

“Pathetic little girl. Are you really the best that the bat can muster?”

Batgirl couldn’t find a response, deciding instead to simply attack. She armed an explosive batarang and threw it at Bane. The hulking man barely flinched at the explosion going off in his face. He charged at Batgirl and she dodged, still wetting her pants.

“I have no desire to play tag with you, child. Where is Batman?” Bane asked.

“Batman has more important things to do than indulge your weird obsession, Bane. Robin too. You’ll just have to make do with me.” Batgirl fired her taser at Bane as she spoke. The behemoth tensed as electricity wracked his body, but he didn’t even make a sound. Batgirl jumped at him, aiming a flurry of blows at his face while he was slowed by the electric impulses. Her pee stream slowed to a trickle as her bladder continued to empty itself into her panties. She slashed the Venom tubes protruding from his head with the blades on her gauntlets, spraying the green liquid everywhere just as her bladder finally completely emptied.

Bane grabbed Batgirl’s wrist and threw her against the wall, knocking the wind out of her. Had she not already wet herself, the impact would have definitely forced all her urine out anyway. She reached for a new gadget on her belt that she and Lucious Fox had developed with the help of Black Canary. As Bane approached her prone form, she held up a fist sized device and blasted him with an artificial imitation of The Canary Cry: Black Canary’s sonic scream. No amount of muscle or Venom formula could protect against the sonic shockwave Bane was battered with, and he dropped to his knees. He stood slowly but was hit with the scream a second time.

While Bane was incapacitated by the sonic scream, Batgirl saw he stood under a sprinkler. She threw a batarang at it and the sprinkler shattered. Bane was showered with water, and Batgirl hit him with an electric batarang. Some combination of the electrified water, the sonic device, and the Venom withdrawal were enough to finally overcome even Bane’s endurance. He fell to the ground, Batgirl feeling the tremor even from ten feet away.

Barbara breathed a sigh of relief. She had actually beaten Bane! She looked at the sonic device in her hand and swore to thank Black Canary in whatever way she could, knowing that she never could have stopped Bane without it. Batgirl stepped towards Bane’s limp form and grimaced at the feeling of pee sloshing in her boots. She restrained the villain with the strongest cuffs they had, the ones designed for the likes of Solomon Grundy and Killer Croc.

“Do you read me, Batgirl?” Barbara heard Alfred’s voice ask.

“I read you, Batcave.”

“That was a very impressive display! Batman would be proud of you,” Alfred said.

“You saw that?” Batgirl asked. “The… whole thing?”

“Indeed,” Alfred answered. “You should return to the Batcave. I’ve already informed the police that you have Bane in custody.”

Batgirl’s head whipped around to where she had been standing when she wet herself, trying to see if the puddle she had made was obvious. But it appeared that the sprinklers going off had completely erased the evidence of her accident. Aside from the wet panties she was wearing and the pee in her boots, of course. Montoya strode down the steps at that moment and said “we’ll take it from here, Batgirl. Thank you for your help; we couldn’t have stopped Bane ourselves.”

Batgirl looked to Montoya and gave what she hoped was an impassive looking nod. She wanted to project much more confidence than she currently felt given the state of her underwear. Batgirl left the scene and raced back to the Batcave where she found Alfred waiting with hot tea and a change of clothes.

“I’ve readied the shower for you Miss Gordon,” the butler said. “I will clean your costume while you bathe. I have a method that should suffice to clean urine out of the batsuit.”

Barbara blushed with embarrassment. “About that… is there any way-“

“You needn’t even ask, Miss Gordon. What happened in the vault will be our little secret. Masters Bruce and Dick will hear only the highlights of your fight with Bane. And rest assured that I have seen countless men and women I deeply respect wet or soil themselves similarly in combat during my time in the SAS. You have absolutely nothing to be ashamed of.”

Gratitude for Alfred’s discretion flooded Barbara. Of course she hadn’t needed to worry. Alfred would never betray her confidence. With that, Barbara gratefully accepted her tea and went off to take a well earned long shower.

