Maria's Morning

Author: JackFrost16

*000*2021-12-30 13:10

Maria rubbed sleep out of her groggy eyes as she sat up in bed to take in her surroundings. Her nostrils were greeted with the scents of lavender and lemon. She was in a fairly nice hotel room, not Hilton level posh but much better than a nasty motel. Maria spared a glance for the brown patterned carpet and the inoffensive beige wallpaper as well as the framed print of Cincinnati hanging above the small writing desk tucked into the corner. Her gaze moved to the actual city of Cincinnati dusted with February snow outside the window before meandering back into the room where it alighted upon the bathroom door, silhouetted by yellow fluorescent light.

Maria smiled as the events of the past night rushed back to her. The guy currently in the shower, if the sound of running water was any indication, was named Will and was the current resident of the room. They had had a fantastic night together after meeting in the Below Zero Lounge, one of Cincinnati's premier nightclubs. If last night wasn’t a fluke, Maria was sure they would be going for round two as soon as Will was out of the shower. They had met at Below Zero's bar where Will had approached Maria. She had been out looking for some fun after the conclusion of her senior year of college at the University of Cincinnati.

She had been immediately hooked by Will's good looks and genuine personality. They had talked and drank and danced for a few hours before Will had invited her back to his hotel room. He had said he was traveling for his job. Maria strained to remember the specifics. A travel writer! That's what it was. Regardless, one thing had led to another and here she was. Maria heard the water in the shower stop, and decided to give herself a once over in the tall mirror standing against one wall to make sure she looked all right. She was dressed in one of her favorite outfits, a pair of black leggings under a tight, checked pencil skirt that came down to about mid-thigh and a black sweater on top. Her pale blonde hair bordered on white, a trait that made her stand out in any kind of crowd, flowed down her back, slightly unkempt but not too messy.

Maria gave herself a nod of satisfaction and moved back to the bed right as Will came out of the bathroom. As Maria shifted into position, her bladder heaved in protest. She stifled a groan. She hadn’t noticed she had to pee so bad. She had either been too drunk or too tired to relieve herself last night. She wondered if she would be able to slip into the restroom after Will came out. However, when Will stepped out of the bathroom all thoughts of peeing disappeared from Maria’s head. He was dressed in a pair of jeans and a nice button up dress shirt. All the old desire from last night came rushing back to Maria. Will spoke first.

“You look just as beautiful in the morning”. He said with a cocky smile.

“The same goes for you,” Maria replied.

He sat down on the edge of the bed with her. They started to chat about this and that, not saying anything important, just enjoying each others company. Soon though, it became more than just talking. Will’s hand was rubbing Maria’s thigh, and their legs were tangled together. Maria pressed her body close to Will. She briefly spared a thought for her aching bladder, but dismissed the idea of taking a break to deal with it as Will leaned in close and their mouths connected.

Maria found herself lying on top of Will on the bed, hands clasped, lips pressed together. The heat of his body drew her forward, tongues exploring each others mouths. They flipped over, Will on top now, pressing against Maria. His thumb traced slop circle around her nipple through the sweater. His thigh was pressed between her legs and the pressure on her clit sent her into overdrive. She pulled herself up against him, bodies colliding, One hand reached down and grabbed his crotch where Maria felt his penis, stiff as a board. Her bladder groaned in desperation, but she paid it no mind.

She was too horny, too ready, too desperate to stop now. He pulled her off the bed and the pair slammed into the hotel wall. Maria ripped open the buttons on Will’s shirt, pressing her hand against his bare chest. She could feel a few drops of sweat on her forehead. Her bladder heaved in protest, and she let out a quiet moan of desperation into Will’s mouth. Will, thinking this was a different type of moan, started to kiss her even harder. He felt up her legs, her hips, her breasts, and even under the clothing she was wearing, Maria felt every touch. She could hold back no longer. She pulled him from the wall and pressed him into the rolling chair by the desk. She straddled him as they pressed their faces together once again. He bladder let out a roar of pain akin to the throes of a dying animal. And still Maria pushed forward. She could feel nothing but pleasure as she grinded against his rigid cock, felt the warmth between her legs.

She reached to pull off her sweater, but froze. Maria’s eyes shot open. She let out a groan of distress as the unthinkable, yet inevitable, happened. Her bladder was tired and overworked from alcohol and time. Maria realized too late that she had been careless and would now pay the ultimate price. The heat between her legs changed. It was no longer heat from pure pleasure. It was a liquid heat that came from deep within. A heat that rushed from her body and splashed into her pants, an unstoppable tide. Maria could do nothing but close her eyes in shame as she lost control and began to wet herself.

Pee splashed through her flimsy underwear, poured into the leggings underneath. She felt the wetness against her legs as it traveled from her crotch down to her ass, and beyond. The feeling was like an orgasm. She felt as if a massive weight had been lifted off her shoulders. But still, she blushed with shame as the piss ran down her legs as well as dampening the hem of her skirt. After a minute or two the stream tapered off leaving just the drip, drip, drip of the urine falling off of the chair.

“Maria?” She opened her eyes, knowing the most painful part was yet to come. Will was staring at her. She caught a glimpse of his crotch, soaked through with her water and felt another wave of shame roll over her.

“Did you just pee your pants?”

“Yes”. There was nothing to do but tell the truth.

“I didn’t know you were into that, but ok”. Maria was stunned. She took a moment to make sure she heard that correctly.

“So do you want to keep going?” Will said.

Maria silently thanked her lucky stars that Will was so open and that he had misunderstood her accident as a fetish. She replied with an emphatic nod. The couple moved over to the bed where Maria finally got her sweater off, among other things. She couldn’t help but cringe as she striped off her soaked leggings and panties, but the payoff was worth it. Will was a master with his hands, expertly rubbing and touching until Maria was near climax before he had even stuck it in. But he did eventually and when he did, Maria’s world lit up. She rode him hard, feeling his third leg press deep into her body. She moaned. He responded in kind. They continued for some time until Maria felt the oncoming rush of orgasm she moaned again, toes curling as she sat up straight, body shivering as she came. She felt will pull out, grab a tissue from the bedside and finish himself. The pair collapsed back onto the bed slick with sweat, and lay peacefully, resting the day away.

###

Later that night, as Maria was walking home, she felt an odd scratching sensation in the waistband of her now-dry leggings. She felt around her hips and discovered a small slip of paper with a few lines of messy writing on it. The message read:

I’ll be in Cincinnati again soon, call me!

###

The message was followed by a phone number. Maria smiled as she continued walking through downtown. She had a feeling that number would be getting a lot of use in the future.

