Sneaky Sarah

Author: JMatthews1995

*000*2019-12-15 19:51

To most people, Sarah would seem like an everyday girl. Aged 28, with golden hair, average height and average weight she was what most people would describe as a typically pretty girl. There was one thing most people didn't know. Sarah had always had a pee fetish. Right since puberty she had always found her self turned on by either holding or wetting her self. Now she was 28, she'd had near enough 15 years practice. She felt that she was definitely one of the sneakiest wetters in the country, if not the world! There was nothing she enjoyed more, than a hot sneaky wetting in a risky scenario where she might get caught. Today was of course no different. Todays plan was to wet her self whilst walking her dog. A perfect public soaking.

It was 8am, Sarah woke up and drank a nice large coffee. She knew she had to get her bladder filled nice and fast as she was planning her naughty wetting for her morning dog walk. Her walk usually took place around the local forest trail. There were plenty of places to hide, but Sarah being so naughty would opt for a much more obvious location near the entrance to the park. She set a task of then completing her dog walk without being noticed that she had wet her self. Quite the challenge when there would be plenty of people passing by!

The first task was choosing what to wear. Standing at her wardrobe she muttered to her self.

"Hmmm what should a girl, who's planning to pee her self, wear?"

She felt her pussy tingle with excitement as she grabbed a pair of lacey panties.

"Nice! Clingy and tight!." She thought to her self as she grabbed her self a nice pair of tight black leggings. It was a cold day so she would definitely be layering up. Of course, the main challenge was to find something that would entirely hide a full wetting!

She slid her leggings up and pulled them up nice and tight. She then grabbed a red jumper and pulled it on. The next part was the clever part. A coat would be required due to the weather, so she grabbed her long black overcoat. This coat was perfect, it was long enough to reach her knees and would give her almost total coverage, hiding any wetness hidden beneath. Once she was happy with her clothing selection it was time to pick her shoes! Now, one thing that Sarah wasn't bothered about was soaking her shoes.

She had plenty of them, and a sneaky wetting here or there was a good excuse to throw a pair out! She grabbed a lovely pair of furr lined knee high boots and gently slid her cute little feet into them. The soft furr tickled her bare toes as she put them on and she giggled a little as she imagined how naughty they would feel soaking wet! She checked her self out in the mirror, her outfit was perfect! The boots reached high enough up her legs to meet the bottom of her coat. No one would see how naughty she was being!

By the time Sarah left the house she had a rather full bladder. She began her walk in the cool winter air, satisfied that she was wearing the perfect sneaky clothes. Every step she took her bladder jiggled in her lower tummy. Her delicate pussy tingled with the excitement of knowing she was soon going to be soaking her self in public. Her soft little feet were all cosy and warm in her boots.

After 20 minutes of walking Sarah reached the car park. There were a few people wandering around with dogs but it was definitely not too busy. Not for Sneaky Sarah anyway. She stood her self at the front gate entrance to the trail and waited until the coast was clear. Sarah loved to tease her self. The wetting would be slow and sensual. Little spurts let out one at a time, each one trickling around between her cute pussy lips and rewarming her clinging tight panties.

She glanced around and let the first one go. The warmth spread fast between her legs. Forwards and backwards under her pussy. She shivered with excitement and her clit tingled. Again she glanced around and once she was sure no one was about, let another hot spurt out. She felt this leak trickle slightly down the inside of her thighs and she quivered with excitement. A dog walker appeared around the corner of one of the trails and Sarah smiled. She always found it incredible how turned on she got by knowing she was wet when others had no idea!

As soon as they had passed she released another warm spurt. This time it trickled further down. She could feel the sides of her knees were now wet and her panties and leggings between her tighs were nicely saturated.

"Time to start walking" she thought to her self. She had another quick glance around and began walking into the forest trail. Each step turned her on even more as her tight wet panties rubbed against her pissy pussy. She could feel her wet leggings clinging tightly to her thighs and this only added to her arousal.

Around 10 minutes passed. Her bladder was still very full despite the few naughty leaks she had already released. Each step teased her and tormented her already tingling little clit. She passed a couple of dog walkers and they both smiled. Everyone was nice and friendly round here, just the way she liked it. It was at this point that the dog decided to stop to have a pee. Sarah quickly looked around. No one was about. She would pee for as long as her dog!

She released her pee hole muscles and the warmth instantly spread throughout her panties and leggings. A hot flow trickled down the inside of both her legs and started to get the insides of her boots damp. The dog stopped peeing, and Sarah clamped off the flow. With her pussy now soaked again she continued her walk, still smiling at passers by. She felt so naughty knowing that no one knew about the situation going on under her long coat and in her sexy knee high boots! How dirty she was being!

Sarah continued her walk. She could feel the sides of her warm wet boots rubbing against her wet leggings around her calves. Each step she took her wet panties tickled her more. Each time her little dog stopped to pee, Sarah would do the same. Gradually she released trickle after trickle, constantly re-wetting her damp lacey panties until finally, the perfect spot!

She had found her self in a large opening, bladder full, and pussy throbbing she leaned her self against a fence. She looked around one last time and released. The hot flood of pee poured into her panties, down her legs and drenched her sexy boots, bathing her beautiful feet in hot pee! A wave of pleasure rolled over her and her pussy throbbed with excitement! She continued looking around and snook her hand down the front of her leggings and panties and gently massaged her soaking wet puffy little lips. Her fingers slid over he piss soaked clit and each time she touched it she nearly squirted in her panties too!

Someone came walking out from one of the tracks. She quickly slid her hand back out from between her legs and held onto the fence. Luckily thw walker hadn't noticed! The thrill of it made her pussy quiver with excitement as the person walked passed, totally unaware of the fact Sarah was drenched in her warm pee!

As soon as they had gone, Sarah began her long walk back back home. It would take at least 45 minutes if she walked quickly. 45 minutes of pure heaven as her pissy panties clung to her pussy and her soft feet splashed around in her boots. Every person she passed she smiled and politely said good morning as if nothing out of the ordinary had happened. No one suspected a thing. Not even as her boots made wet splashing noises with each step. People just assumed it was the gravel and mud under her feet!

She reached the car park. The next part of the walk would be the most exposed. All the way back home along normal roads, tonnes of cars going passed.

"Here we go!" She thought to her self as she hurried out onto the main road. Feet splashing loudly in her pee filled boots. "Just 10 minutes to go!" She walked with quite a pace. Each step she felt the pee squishing around her beautiful feet and her lacey panties rubbing against her soaked little clit! She was in heaven! She could feel waves of pleasure eminating from her quivering pussy, but her focus on getting home did enough to numb the pleasure and prevent a full on orgasm! She passed person after person, all going about their days, none of them aware that the beautiful girl that just passed them was soaked with her own hot pee and on the edge of orgasmic explosion.

Sarah arrived back home. She hurried her key into the lock and dived into the house. The dog rushed off and she hurried into the kitchen. A neat pile of clothes lay folded on the kitchen table. Her naughtyness hadn't finished just yet. She pulled her coat off and then unzipped her boots and slid her soaked feet out. A puddle formed around her feet on the floor as she tipped the pee out of them. Slowly she pealed off her wet leggings and stood on them on the floor. She grabbed the front of her lacey panties and pulled them up tight, squishing her clit under the tight pissy fabric and giving her self a little front wedgie. She then pealed them down and stood naked and barefoot on her soaked clothes.

"You've been a very naughty girl!" She whispered as she looked at her glistening pussy. "Naughty girls get punished!" She gently slapped her wet pussy, catching her throbbing clit with the tip of her finger! She shivered as the pain tingled her quivering pussy.

"Dirty pussies get punished!" She thought as she picked her pissy panties back up and slid them back up over her wet lips! She pulled the cold fabric tight against her pussy and then grabbed a pair of fresh leggings. She slid into them one pissy leg at a time and pulled them up tight. Finally she grabbed her fluffy slippers and slipped her still glistening wet feet into them before grabbing her pussy tightly and muttering.

"You're a dirty girly aren't you! You love staying all pissy don't you?!" As she looked at her self in the mirror in the hallway. Sarah, being the dirty girly she was, refused to clean up her messy little pussy and wet little feet until late that night. Enjoying the fact she spent a whole 10 hours with a little pissy pussy between her legs!

*003*2019-12-16 12:07

It was a Saturday in June. Sarah was in a naughty mood yet again. She was up for some very sneaky pee fun once again. The weather was beautiful and the local park was calling. Today was going to be good fun!

Sarah woke up around 9am. She got her self a large mug of tea and gulped it down, followed by a big glass of orange juice. Filling her bladder was top priority for todays naughty fun. Looking outside it was clear that today was going to be a hot day. Perfect for naughty sneaky pees!

Once she had finished breakfast she had a quick shower. She always loved the idea of showering before a wetting day, it felt so naughty to be cleaning her self up only to be soaking her self with pee soon after! Once dry she stood in front of her wardrobe and started picking clothes. Today would be an easy day to choose for. She quickly grabbed a nice blouse top and then a lovely knee length ruffled skirt.

"Long enough to hide any naughty leaks, short enough to pull out from under my bum when I sit." She thought to her self as she pulled it from the wardrobe.

Next was her choice of panties. She wanted something that would dry nicely so she grabbed her self a pair of sports style panties designed to dry quick and slid them up over her delicate pussy.

"You're going to be a right messy girly today!" She whispered to her self as she pulled them over her puffy lips.

Finally was the choice of shoes. This was an easy choice. She quickly grabbed a pair of cute leather ballet flats and slid them onto her delicate feet. What a naughty day she had planned!

Once she was dressed Sarah decided to head down to the local park. She took a couple of bit 1l bottles of water in her bag, a nice big book to read, and plenty of fruit and lunch to eat. She was planning to spend quite some time being a naughty girly today! Who know how long she'd be capitivated by her book. She was prepared for the long haul!

Walking down to the park she passed many people. There were people walking dogs, children playing, mothers taking their newborns down to the park for a walk. It was a totally normal day for most people. Who would know that Sarah would be out there, purely to enjoy the thrill of publicly soaking her panties!

Once at the park, Sarah found her self a nice empty park bench and sat her self on it. She made sure to keep her skirt out from under the cute bum and slid her self forward to the front of of the bench. She glanced around and released her first leak. The pee spread fast between her puffy lips and then splashed through the fabric of her panties onto the grass below. A wave of excitement rolled over her and she smiled to her self. What a dirty girly she was being, she'd only been there 2 minutes and already her pussy was a little wet mess!

Sarah continued reading, constantly sipping at one of her huge water bottles. The pressure was gradually building in her bladder and she knew it wouldn't be long before she'd have to start slowly releasing it. As she got about half way through the first bottle someone walked passed. As they did she released a huge spurt of hot pee into her panties again. The heat spread fast and she tingled all over. Her pussy throbbing again with the naughty pleasure of peeing her self so close to someone totally unaware! Again she sipped at her water and continued reading as if something had happened. She crossed her legs and felt the wet panties squeeze tight against her pissy lips sending a shiver up her back.

After around 30 minutes of sitting on the bench Sarah decided she was going to get more comfortable and sit on her picnic blanket. She found a nice spot in the sun and placed the blanket down and settled her self onto it, making sure not to accidentally tuck her skirt under her bum. As soon as she had sat down she released yet another big leak. Enough to leave a tiny little wet patch on the blanket. She moved her skirt out the way to inspect the damage before glancing around to make sure no one had seen up her skirt. Luckily no one was about! Over the next hour Sarah repeatedly let little dribbles out into her panties, contstantly enjoying the warmth around her pussy and knowing no one would be able to see what was going on under her skirt. By the time she next moved there was a wet patch the size of a big football on her blanket and she was wary that people may see.

She stood up quickly, folded up the blanket and moved back onto the park bench. Again she sat perched on the edge of the wooden seat with her pussy slightly over the front of it to allow the pee to fall straight down from her panties. She spread her legs slightly and crossed her feet so they were directly under her pussy, then let out a big leak. It splashed down from her panties over her pretty feet in her ballet flats. She tingled with excitement as she felt it run down her soft soles and pool around her cute toes.

"Wow I'm naughty!" She thought to her self as she sat with little wet panties and shoes on. It was at this point she decided to get even naughtier.

Sarah stood up and packed her stuff back into her bag and began walking around the park. She knew there was a quiet area where not too many people visited so she headed there. Each step she took she felt her pretty littles toes splash around in her wet ballet flats. Luckily they didn't show any wetness and she was sure no one had noticed.

As soon as she felt secluded enough she had a quick look around to make sure no one was about and then instantly released her bladder muscles. A flood of pee cascaded through her panties, down her sexy legs and soaked her cute feet. She clamped off the flow after about 15 seconds and hurried along, her feet making obvious splashing noises in her ballet flats. Having made her way back to the sunny grass area she threw her still damp blanket back down, sat her self down and slid her ballet flats off to let them dry in the sun. Her cute feet dried quickly in the cool breeze and sunlight and her panties began to dry nicely under her skirt as well. That was until she let another huge spurt go just to re-soak her drying pussy.

It was after another 2 hours of reading and slowly leaking spurt after spurt that Sarah decided to head home. She stood up, slid her cute feet into her now dry ballet flats and folded up her wet blanket before steadily walking back along the gravel pathway. She still had a half full bladder, there was no way she was going to waste it. As soon as the coast was clear she released her bladder muscles, she continued to walk as the hot pee cascaded down her sexy bare legs and again re-soaked her cute ballet flats and feet. The pee lasted for around 30 seconds, enough to leave a nice wet trail on the gravel behind her. She hurried on out of the park with her pissy panties clinging tightly to her throbbing pussy and her feet splashing in her shoes.

The walk home felt amazing. She was surprised how fast her feet dried in ballet flats. Most of the pee splashed out, the rest dried because of the sun and the wind. Her sports panties were also quick to dry.

"Perhaps I could do one more naughty thing!" She thougth to her self as she walked through the high street. "Perhaps I could go and have a nice glass of wine in a pub garden. Surely no one would be able to tell I have spent the last 5 hours with pissy panties on! I don't smell that bad!"

Sarah hurried to the nearest pub that she knew had a garden. She bought a drink and then settled her self outside on a bench in the sun. She slowly drank through her drink whilst reading yet more chapters of her books. Her feet and pussy both now dry, she decided one more naughty little pee wouldn't hurt. There were people all over the pub garden. Luckily they were all busy in conversation or distracted by books etc. She released a spurt, then another, followed by a total released of her built up pee. What a naughty girly she had been today.

Walking home pushed the time she had spent in pissy panties to over 6 hours. She reached her house and went inside. This time, Sarah had no intention at all of changing her pissy clothes. She grabbed a big bottle of cider from the fridge and head out into the back garden, her pussy and feet all pissy still. 6 hours was nothing to her. She was used to spending far longer with a pissy pussy than that! Besides, she still had half her book to finish!

*006*2019-12-18 17:51

{{14 hours ago, Tonsor said:

These are both super hot stories. I hope there will be more installments

}}

I am thinking up more naughty places / scenarios. Just need to come up with one that takes my fancy to write Idea's welcome haha.

*007*2019-12-19 16:18

Started off enjoying writing this one. Kinda lost interest about a 1/3 of the way in. Hopefully it's a good enough read still though.

It was the weekend after Sarah had last had wetting fun in the park. She was trying to think of things to do and suddenly came up with the idea of going for a nice long bike ride! She hadn't ridden her bike for a month of two and wanted to take off around the city exploring! This would also be the perfect opportunity for some naughty pee fun!

She made sure she was well hydrated, packed a back pack with food and a couple of big bottles of water and then got changed into some nice sneaky clothes! Today she decided to wear a pair of lacey panties, a lovely short black skirt, and a cute pair of converse. She gently touched her pussy and then slid her panties up over her lovely clean lips.

"It'll be a while before those are pulled down again!" She thought to her self as she slid them up over her cute pussy.

Up came the skirt and then she gently slid her delicate bare feet into her converse. She hated the look of socks with converse and at the end of the day, they'd no doubt bet getting soaked with pee anyway so what did it matter if she wore socks!

As she was getting the bike out of the shed she decided to prepare her self for her naughty ride. Sarah squatt down in her back garden and let one nice quick little leak out into her lacey panties. They saturated very quickly and 95% of her pee just splashed straight through them.

"Perfect quick drying panties!" She thought to her self as she stood back up feeling her pussy lips squeezing the fabric between them.

Sarah wheeled her bike through to the side alley of the house and shut the gate behind her. She threw one leg over the bike and stood just in front of the saddle and then re-arranged her panties that had tried to give her a pissy front wedgie.

As she sat her self onto the saddle her wet panties were forced against her pissy pussy. She tingled with excitement and wriggled around a bit, massaging her wet pussy on the seat.

"Whoever invented bikes designed them for girls to be wet on!" She thought to her self as she began to pedal down the road. She rode along for about 15 minutes, her bladder already rather full before letting go of her first naughty leak. She released her bladder muscle and felt the hot jet of pee spray into her panties, instantly blocked and spread out by the saddle! She made a cute giggle noise as she felt the hot pee massaged against her puffy lips! She was throbbing down there already! How had she not done this before?!

10 minutes or so passed, her pussy cooling down due to the breeze and her panties begining to dry, she decided it was time to warm her self back up again. This time she peed for longer! The pee splashed down the inside of her bare thighs and trickld down the insides of her calf. Just enough to give her little wet trickles down by legs. By now her pussy was really excited. She could feel her wet little clit throbbing and rubbing against the inside of her panties as she pedalled.

She decided she had to stop for a while and let her self calm down. The pleasure was getting close to making her orgasm and she couldn't be doing that in broad daylight in public! She rode slowly into a local park got off the bike. She pulled her blanket out from her bag, put it down on the grass and sat her self down. It was definitely time for a nice big drink, so she gulped down about 500ml of cool water. Perfect for filling her bladder back up to capacity.

Whilst she was sat on the blanket letting her self calm down she took the chance to kick her converse off and let her cute toes get some cool breeze too. She admired her little feet, wiggling her little toes. She had always loved how cute her feet were.

As soon as she felt she had calmed down enough she slid her converse back on and hopped back on the bike. Sitting on the sadle pressed her cool damp panties firmly against her pussy once again and she shivered with excitement. It wouldn't be long until she was borderline orgasm again!

As she was leaving the park she noticed it was rather quiet, no one was about! Perfect. She released her bladder once again, this time she continued to pedal whilst allowing the hot pee to just splash down her legs for about 20 seconds! She could feel it trickling over her ankles and pouring down into her converse and running under her soft soles.

"Woopsie!! Got my cute toes all warm and wet!" She teased as she continued riding as if nothing was happening!

Every minute of riding was bringing Sarah closer to accidental orgasm. Her pussy had been wet now for around 45 minutes and she was tingling like crazy! Not to mention the amazing feeling of her cute toes splashing around in her converse! How naughty she was being!

Another 10 minutes of riding and time for another release. Once again she let go of her pee. This time she had no intention of stopping. A torrent of pee flooded from her pussy, poured down her sexy legs and totally soaked her converse. She was so visible to passers by, they must have clearly seen what was going on but Sarah, in her state of near orgasm had little to no care about whether she was seen. She found her self a nice quiet road and just pedalled like mad. Each press on the pedal she felt her pee splashed around her soft little feet, her pussy was rocking side to side on the saddle, massaging her pee soaked lips with her soaked panties! She was in heaven!

She found her self in a nice quiet part of the city. She wanted to see if she could orgasm on a bike whilst riding! It was time to find out. This focused carefully on the feeling of the soaked panties pressed into her pussy, her beautiful toes all hot and wet, and her throbbing clit being pressed firmly into the saddle of the bike. Each time she pedalled she made sure to move her weight side to side, rubbing her pussy hard against the saddle. Slowly but surely she brought her self closer to orgasm with each movement. Until suddenly, the waves of pleasure grew more intense!

"oooh godd!!!" She whispered as she felt her clit pulsate with pleasure. "I'm gonna come! I'm gonna come in my panties!"

Finally a powerful wave overcame her, she quickly stopped the bike and spread her legs a bit, before erupting with pleasure! Her pussy throbbed like craze as it squirted hard into her panties making a mess of the frame of her bike. Her legs were almost jelly with the pleasure and she found it hard to stay upright! The wave slowly subsided, allowing her self to regain some composure. Eventually she was able to focus. She didn't want her panties all sticky so she quickly hopped off her bike, pushed it to nearby alley way and squat down.

"Wow this is dirty even for me! Who'd have thought I'd be washing my sticky panties and pussy with my own pee!" she thought as she purposely wet her self yet again to "freshen up" her panties.

As she walked with her bike she could feel her sexy feet splashing inside her drenched converse.

"Poor little toes and pussy! You're going to be all wet for a while yet. We have a 50 minute ride home now!" She thought as she sat her self back on the wet saddle for the long ride home.

Of course, when Sarah reached home it didn't mean she would be changing her panties! She was in a naughty mood after all!

*009*2019-12-19 21:05

{{5 minutes ago, Melificentfan said:

That was fabulous I enjoyed reading that

}}

Thank you

