Lucy’s Unlucky Morning

Author: Jill King

*000*2018-08-01 01:22

Lucy’s eyes slowly opened. She woke up in her comfy bed in her pink decorated bedroom. Fluffy teddy bears, posters of drama shows, the average bedroom if any pretty twenty year old like herself.

Her thighs and legs were a little thick, but the sexy kind. Her long brown hair waves halfway down her back as she pulled herself up from bed in her black short shorts and tight red top that stretched across her big boobs.

Lucy stretched out her arms and her legs. Her crotch wide open. She rubbed her eyes and said, “What time is..” she then grabbed her belly as she heard it growl and send out a painful pulse. With that came another pulse, and another, each worse than the last. She bit we bottom lip as her ankles crossed and toes curled up. She felt the boiling pee stretch her bladder. A morning bladder was anyone’s worst enemy. “Oh...man...I gotta-“ before she finished she jumped off her bed and went through her bedroom door straight for the only bathroom in her house. She grabbed the handle and, “Damn it!” LOCKED! She knocked.

“In here!” Her older brother yelled from behind the door.

Lucy bounced. “Well jeez Brian! Hurry up!” As she bounced her feet shuffled with her legs moving against her crotch tight enough to close up her pee hole. All that water she drank before bed last night REALLY went through her. But it’s such a hot summer day. No AC in their house since it’s broken. She had hours worth of half a gallon of digested water in her bladder causing an earthquake in her body keeping Lucy in agony.

She held her hips on the back side near her kidneys which ached. She felt herself getting fuller. Her bladder aching with a heavy pulse like a punch in the gut. After over five minutes she knocked again. “Almost done!?!”

“Give me a few more minutes.” Brian said.

Lucy threw her arms up and grunted. How would she survive?

To be continued...

*006*2018-08-02 14:30

Part 2

As Lucy threw her arms up in frustration, due to the fact that Brian was hogging the bathroom right when she needed to take her morning per VERY badly, she tip-toed around in a circle. Briefly she crossed her ankles and bounced, trying to shake off the desperate feelings of wanting to let her pee out.

She winced, closing one eye and grinding her teeth as she felt her bladder stretch a little further inside of her. It was a bit painful, like a sting and a pressure heading off in her lower half in both directions. She placed both hands on her thick hips again as her foot tapped aggressively. Sweat formed on Lucy’s forehead as she became more desperate due to the fact relief was literally just locked behind this stupid door.

She knocked again. She had been waiting almost fifteen minutes. “Brian, for crying out freaking loud!” Her voice rising in tone as her situation became serious. “I have to PEE!!! Go rub one out in your room. I have to go or I’m gonna piss my pants.”

“Not my pants. Not my problem.” Brian explained. He laughed a little behind his fortress. “I’m taking a shit. Come back later.”

“Brian! I’m going to pee in my pants in like two seconds if you don’t get out and let me in.” She then said in a fragile and scared voice like a whimper, “It’s starting to hurt.”

That’s when the door bell rung.

“Dad!” Lucy said. “Someone is at the front door. Can you go get it?” She continued squirming in place.

Her dad replied, “Lucy I’m getting ready for work. Can you just go get it?”

“Yeah, maybe I’ll be out by then.” Laughed Brian from behind the door.

Lucy grunted, but headed down to answer the door. Each step down the stairs sent a shock wave through her bladder and made her wince. One foot kicked back as she stood still every other step to regain herself. As she turned the handle to the front door, she felt pee slipping through her crotch slowly, and Lucy panicked as she sweat bullets and grabbed her crotch as her knees locked together. “Oh...man.” She said in a strained voice. Things were getting very serious.

She opened the door to her brother’s two cute best friends who were also on the football team with Brian. Dave and Ben.

Lucy’s eyes widened as terror went through her as each hottie looked down at her grasping her crotch. She pulled it away but Crossed her legs tight as she placed one hand on the edge of the door and the other on her hip to look cool. But oh so desperate inside.

To be continued...

*010*2018-08-04 05:22

Chapter 3

Lucy was on the verge of explosion. She was about to explode, pee would be everywhere. She sweated all over wiping her head calming her nerves as she tried to look cool in front of two guys. She smiled but shook.

”You ok Lucy?” Ben asked.

”Yeah I-I’m f-f-fine,” She stuttered as she shook. Suddenly as she waved them in and they passed her, she closed the door BUT her pain rose to extremes she didn’t think possible. It was so bad she felt like falling over and grabbing her belly in agony . She was constipate of pee. She fell to her knees briefly almost shaking like a seizure cause of the pain. She gagged as her vision went blurry.

She pushed herself up, bent over partly as her heavy bladder tipped her over.

“You sure you ok?” Asked Dave.

She was breathing heavy. Oh how humiliating it would be. Wetting herself like a mere child in front of two cute guys she knows .

She held herself up with hands on knees, turned inwards legs shaking keeping her crotch shut. Sadly, pee was starting to escape through despite all her might.

Brian came downstairs. “Bathroom is yours Lucy.”

Lucy, finally seeing hope, ran. It was too serious she couldn’t take it. She had to PEE NOW!!!

Painfully getting upstairs, the sight she saw made her heart sink...

@@to be continued...

*014*2018-08-06 19:44

Yeah so I’m done with this. Just so everyone knows I’m rick Dixon, made a new account. This site is disgusting, and I’m done

