The witch of the forest

Author: john442

*000*2025-03-29 12:02

Started writing this one knowing I wanted a forest, a girl and a witch! Nothing more nothing less! Having lots of fun writing this stuff now, more to come soon!

Part One

Jen looked at her watch, it was the middle of the day, the radiant sun kissed her skin affectionately as the cool breeze swept away any malice from the heat. Beads of sweat dripped down her forehead, mirrored by the beads of condensation on her cool water bottle. She greedily poured a swig from the bottle into her mouth and wiped her forehead with her arm. "Time for adventure" she thought.

Before her stood thousands of pine trees wobbling wearily. She'd travelled through what felt like a hundred nameless regimented fields, already harvested for their produce. Finally she reached the woods.

Jen was dressed in her green khaki trousers, with a black crop top. She'd always opted for this when she went exploring. Somewhere between an army militant and a Kim Possible fan, a deliberate choice on her part, she loved this look.

She was a little more curvy than her cartoon inspiration, she saw the adventuring as an exciting way for her to get fitter, it had been working so far. It was the closest thing to dungeons and dragons she could think of, so why not! She donned a pair of thin rimmed black glasses making her look nerdy, but still cute, this wasn't a deliberate choice, contacts never worked for her.

She heard a scream and froze in place. Startled she looked around for the source. It didn't take long to realize it was a bird perched above her. "No way!" She thought, and tried to creep closer to the bird, "Is it a Jay?" She thought to herself? But as soon as she had started to move, it retreated away. She sighed, "oh well".

The shock brought attention to her bladder, she'd only peed when she woke up this morning and it was 2pm now, plus it was such a hot day she'd gone through about a litre of water. She took pride in her ability to hold it. In the past she'd often challenge herself to see how long she could go. She saw her bladder is an oaken keg, unbroken and solid. Adding more pressure to the keg was only another means to test it's craftwork. "Damn, that sounded cool" she thought.

She wasn't far wrong either, since trying to hold her pee for extensive durations, she was able to hold much more and for much longer than all of her friends. This did mean that when she did finally let go, she'd pee for upwards of a minute. Through the lens of an rpg campaign, she saw it as her strongest stat. Even so, maybe just a bit more exploration then she could take a break behind a tree or bush.

Marching further into the forest she realized was getting tired. It was probably time for a rest and a pee break, "Just need to find a good spot" she saw a clearing about 20 yards away, with a small, greenish hill in the middle of it. It was encircled on the opposite side by the tips of pine trees, "Seems perfect" she thought and paced towards it.

Jen made it to the hill and took a seat, consuming a final glug of water. As she basked in the warmth and comfort of the sun, she led back on the cool grass. Listening intently for the sound of any animals around her. But she could hear nothing, it was as though she was laid in a vacuum of light, her exhaustion overwhelmed her as she closed her eyes. "Need to pee, but so sleepy" she thought. Tiredness won the battle, as she sunk deeply into slumber.

She looked around, it was as though nature had come full force to see her in the woods. Birds, badgers, bees and countless other creatures all circling her. She couldn't believe her eyes, they had come to see her. They wanted to lead her somewhere, somewhere away from the now cruel sun to a cooler, more cost place. She hesitated to move, so the animals, almost impatiently, clambered around her, moving her slowly towards the cool cave.

She realized she still had to pee, but that didn't matter now. The animals managed to make her feel even more relaxed than before, like lying on a bed of down feathers and soft wool. She looked around her as the trees dozily drifted, this was amazing! Soon enough the animals stopped and realized that she was at the entrance to a cave. Peering in she saw a wooden doorway. The animals retreated and left her to go onwards alone. Two sconces either side accompanied the door, without hesitation she went through.

"Finally, she thought, "I had been looking for one of these". Before her, a porcelain throne awaited her. Atop a chess board marble floor. Torches on the cave walls lit the room. She walked forward ready for her relief. "I was so bursting, I really need this" she thought. No sooner had she started unbuckling her belt to sit down did the room begin to fade into mist, she felt herself becoming more distant from the cave until there was finally only darkness. She opened her eyes.

"Ahh finally awake are you?" A deep feminine voice asked her. Jen looked around, she was still in a cave, but unlike her dream, this one was filled with alchemical tools, a potent smell of herbs and a solid wooden desk situated in the middle. It was scattered with tomes and loose pieces of parchment, with words and images crossed out on each. Her eyes were fixated on the source of the voice. A tall dark haired woman stood before her, her face pale and eyes green, she loomed overhead menacingly. She wore a tattered white robe and seemingly nothing else as it accentuated her almost perfect curves, she looked unamused at Jen.

Jen stood in a t-posing position, she felt like she was frozen in place as she tried to move. It was to no avail, she was rigid, solidly held by an unseen force. She began to panic, she didn't know what was going on but it didn't take long to find out.

"It will be better for you if you calm yourself." The tall woman commanded. "I have little patience for those who waste my time". Jen tried to reply, but her lips remained frozen in place. "You don't need to talk, you sweet little thing, I can read your thoughts". Jen was startled, what the hell was going on.

"Please refrain from thinking in such vulgarities" the tall woman announced. "The only cursing in this place shall be executed by me.". Did she really just read my mind? "Yes, I did, so think carefully." She looked seriously at Jen. "I will indulge your first question, I am a witch of these woods, and sadly for you, you've fallen into a trap of mine.". How could this be happening? "That's simple enough, not many come to this part of the forest, and I wanted a plaything to have fun with. That will be you, sweetness".

Jen had to stop thinking so freely. "It's no use, you can try but your mind will always betray you". Jen was terrified, she couldn't move, she didn't know what the witch wanted and worse yet, she had to pee! "You should be terrified, sweetness, I have done terrible things to those before you, especially the rotten men that come through." Her face betrayed a fierce anger that frightened Jen even more. "If I allowed you to move, you would try to escape, and that would work well for either of us, so you can stay right there." She looked at one of the pieces of paper on the desk. "What I want is to have fun with my new toy and your desire to pee could be just the thing."

