Right After English

Author: Johnny Voodoo

*000*2019-03-09 03:08

Any comments would be greatly appreciated. Thanks for reading!

The traffic on the way to school was bad, but that was nothing out of the ordinary. In fact, most students at Elmswood High School would be surprised if they weren’t stuck waiting for at least ten minutes before they could get their car in the parking lot. It had been a few weeks since the last time it had snowed, and it seemed like the winter weather was finally over. With the warmer weather also came the promise of the school year almost being over, something nearly every student wanted. Rachel was no different.

Rachel steered the wheel and maneuvered her car within the two white lines which represented her parking spot. She quickly checked her mirror before getting out of her car, admiring her brown hair which continued on past her shoulders. She got out her car, one foot at a time, and shut the door. As she grabbed her backpack from the back of her car, she quickly glanced at her phone and realized she had about five minutes to get from the parking lot to inside the school if she didn’t want to be marked tardy.

The walk to the school was a short one, and Rachel still had a minute to spare as she walked through the doors of her first block class, math. She smiled once she saw her friends all sitting in the corner, and she went over to join them. The class was filled with seniors, and all had very little care about what was going on as most of them had made their decisions about what they were going to do after high school. Their teacher though, Ms. Johnson, still had to her job, and most classes were filled with either notes or reviewing class work. The lessons always seemed to drag on for Rachel, and the only thing that kept her from falling asleep was her coffee she had bought before school and whispering to her friends whenever Ms. Johnson wasn’t looking.

As Rachel turned her page of notes over, she was disgusted to see there was a back side full of more numbers and operations. This meant at least another twenty minutes of boredom. She reached for her coffee and took a large swig. Although Rachel had drunk some on the way to school, the cup was nearly empty. After copying down another equation from the board, Rachel downed the rest of the coffee, and got up to throw the cup away.

Twenty more minutes passed and the notes were finally over. Ms. Johnson told the class they had the rest of the block to do whatever they wanted because she had to finish grading tests. Rachel immediately turned and talked with her friends. The main subject of their conversation was prom, as it was just a month away. The time seemed to fly by, as when the bell rang Rachel still had not put away her math binder into her backpack. She hurriedly jammed down the binder into her backpack and went on her way to her next class.

As Rachel walked into English, she thought it was a little strange that there were only a few other people in the room. She quickly realized that she usually went to the bathroom between math and English, and would often come into class right before the bell rang. She decided that she might as well go to the bathroom because although her need to go wasn’t strong, she had nothing else to do for the time being. Right as her hand grabbed the door knob, Mr. Collins, her teacher, called out her name.

“Hey Rachel, can you come to my desk for a second?” Mr. Collins said.

Rachel instantly grew nervous. She had copied her homework from her friend last class, and she thought Mr. Collins was about to bust her. She slowly walked over to the desk, her mind racing to make up any type of feasible excuse.

Mr. Collins’s attention was on his computer in as Rachel sat down in the desk closest to him. “It says here that you aren’t registered for my class online. This quarter a lot more homework is going to be posted up here only, and I want to make sure everyone can access it,” he said, as Rachel breathed a sigh of relief. Her worries quickly evaporated as she pulled out her phone and signed up for the online class. The thought of going to the bathroom had completely escaped her mind as she got up and went back to her assigned seat. Her other friends were here by now, and she quickly started a conversation up with them.

“Okay class, lets get started. We only have a small set of notes then you guys can have some time to finish up your essays which are due tonight. Make sure to email me with the subject line being “Character Analysis Essay” or I might mistakenly trash your email,” Mr. Collins said, using hand gestures to emphasize what he was saying like he always did.

Once Mr. Collins had begun to write on the board, Rachel realized that she needed to pee. She shook her head, as she knew that there had been a chance to go just a few minutes ago. All she could do now was cross her legs and hope that Mr. Collins was not kidding when he said “small set of notes.” Rachel continued to cross and uncross her legs over the next twenty minutes, adjusting her skirt whenever needed. She could her urge to pee to slowly start to build up. Mr. Collins was a nice teacher, but he really did not like it when students asked to go the bathroom during notes, and Rachel wasn’t in the mood to piss him off. She decided her best bet would be to hold it, either until the notes finished or till the end of the block. Lunch was her next period, so she knew she would have time to go then.

Rachel slowly began to fidget around more, bouncing her legs now while they were crossed. Her focus slowly started to shift from notes to her bladder, until it was all she could think about. She tried to refrain from looking at the clock which was hung up on the wall, because it made the time seem to go by so much slower. After roughly half the class had gone by, Mr. Collins had reached the end of his notes.

Before he sat down, Mr. Collins repeated, “Remember, this essay is due tonight, if I were you guys, I would finish it in class so I don’t have to worry about it.”

As Rachel stood up to walk over to Mr. Collins desk, she was taken aback when she realized another girl was already there, and she had already asked to go to the bathroom. As the girl turned around, she realized it was Veronica. Veronica would always ask to go to the bathroom but really go hang out with her boyfriend in the hallways, and Mr. Collins wouldn’t let more than one person leave to go to the bathroom at once. Rachel made eye contact with Veronica, and Veronica just smiled.

“You better be faster next time, huh?” she said with a cheeky grin.

“Screw you, Veronica.” Rachel said, as she turned to sit back down. She really wished she had gone to the bathroom before class, because she really had to go pee now. There was no other option other than to suck it up and wait at this point. She pulled her laptop out of her bag and began typing up her essay.

She wasn’t able to get far before her friend, Kate, turned around and said, “Jeez, I have this essay to do plus that big history packet that’s due tomorrow too. This school year just needs to end.”

“Haha, yea,” Rachel responded. It was obvious she wasn’t focused on the conversation. She had her legs crossed tightly and was shaking her legs, trying to make sure no one would notice her. She didn’t want the whole class to know about her predicament.

“You okay, you seem a bit out of it?” Kate responded.

“I just really have to pee, but Veronica took the bathroom pass like she always does. God, I despise that girl.” Rachel uttered.

“Yea, I don’t think anyone likes her other than her weird boyfriend, I don’t know what he sees in her. Anyways we both have lunch after this, so you can just go then,” Kate friend said, trying to cheer her up.

Rachel went back to work on her essay. She wasn’t in the mood to talk and she thought writing her essay would be enough to take her mind of her bladder for the next couple minutes. The coffee had gone through her body, and her bladder was filling up.

As she was typing, she could feel the waves of desperation building in strength. All she could do was grimace and try to keep focused on her essay. The waistband of her skirt felt as if it was cutting into her bladder, making it much more uncomfortable to stay focused. She looked up to see if Veronica had decided to come back, but it was in vain. She cursed Veronica again under her breath. There was no longer a subtly as Rachel began to shake her legs more aggressively to match the burning sensation coming from her bladder. The time slowly ticked by.

“Rachel come on, class ends in three minutes,” Kate exclaimed, “You can go to the bathroom then!”

Rachel didn’t want someone to announce her need to the whole class, but it was too late now. Rachel stood up, but the pain from her bladder immediately felt much worse. She immediately crossed her legs and put her hand on her desk as she closed her eyes, focusing in on not peeing herself. Her other friends gave her a funny look.

“I need to pee so bad,” she said with a fake smile, trying to make humor out of her frantic situation. The whole class lined up by the door as the bell was about to ring. Rachel could not stand still at this point. She was bouncing from one leg to another. The whole class watched as Rachel moved and twisted her legs in every which way to keep the floor dry.

“Gotta pee, gotta pee, gotta pee, oh my gosh, I’m about to pee my pants. Can this bell ring already!” Rachel desperately muttered. She was really considering using her hands to help her hold her pee in, but she wasn’t really comfortable doing that in front of the whole class.

The door then opened, and Veronica walked in. She looked at Rachel and laughed, although deep down she felt bad. If she knew that Rachel had to go this bad, she would have come back earlier.

Rachel immediately blushed after Veronica made fun of her, but she couldn’t stop moving fidgeting. Rachel’s hips were swaying back and forth, her tits bouncing up and down, her legs crossed as tight as she could, when finally, the bell rang.

Rachel did not wait a second to get out of the room and head straight to where she could relieve herself. Her English class giggled and pointed at her as she booked it out the doors. She moved as fast as she could while keeping her legs as close together as possible. As she walked past the cafeteria, she came to a realization. All of her food needed to be warmed up, and if she didn’t warm her food up now, the line to use the microwaves would get too long and she wouldn’t be able to eat her lunch at all. She stood at a crossroads, either go relieve her aching bladder at the cost of being stuck with a cold lunch, or hold it for just a little bit longer, but in turn be able to eat something. She made a compromise in her mind, if more than two people were in line, she would go pee, but if not, she would wait until she warmed her food up then go pee.

She slowly shuffled towards the cafeteria doors. From there she could already see that there was only one person waiting in line, and he had just put his food in the microwave. It was her lucky day. She awkwardly walked over behind the person and the moment she stopped walking she immediately crossed her legs. She was in front of a lot more people in the cafeteria, and was not trying to have the whole school realize that she was on the brink of wetting herself. She tried to pull out her phone and act like everything was normal, but she wasn’t fooling anyone. Her long legs could not stop moving, and no matter how calm she tried to act, everyone could tell what was going on.

She clenched her legs together, biting her lip, just wishing that she could warm up her food. She knew at this point there was no reason to try to hide her desperation, it was too obvious. Rachel thought about using her hands to help hold herself, but she couldn’t at the moment because she was using both of them to hold her lunch. She pleaded for the person in front of her to hurry up.

“Pleassseee take your food out, I am about to pee my pants here,” Rachel begged.

“You know how long I’ll have to wait if I take my food out now,” the boy responded. Rachel ducked and bobbed up and down, frantically bouncing on the spot and trying to cross her legs in a way which would alleviate some pain. It felt like the person in front of her had been there forever, when it had only really been a couple of minutes.

BEEEEP. The microwave was done. The noise startled her, and she almost leaked right there. The person took out their lunch, and Rachel quickly stepped up and nearly threw her lunch in the microwave. She selected one minute and thirty seconds, that would be enough to adequately warm her lunch up. The moment she finished using her hands to set up the microwave, they shot down to her pee hole. She didn’t care if she looked like a little kid at this point, she just wanted to make sure she didn’t pee her pants. Her hands were dug deep into her crotch. Her pee dance made her look like she was crazy by this point.

Tears started to well up in her eyes as the pain was becoming unbearable. She didn’t know how much longer she could hold it. She could feel the pee trying to escape her body, and she was doing everything she could to hold it back. Her legs were tired at this point, but she had no choice but to keep them clenched together. Her eyes were glued to the time on the microwave as the seconds slowly ticked down. She kept on dancing, jumping on the spot, bobbing up and down. The microwave was almost done, just fifteen more seconds. BEEEP. It was done. Rachel wasn’t sure she could remove her hands without peeing herself.

“Ok, can you hurry up, I’m trying to eat lunch today,” some tall boy said behind her. She couldn’t even respond, all she could worry about right now was her bladder. As she removed one hand to grab her lunch out of the microwave, she leaked but was able to clamp it off quickly. Her other hand was still buried in her crotch. She had her lunch in one hand, and it was resting on her chest. She could not afford to use both hands to hold her lunch. She slowly shuffled to where her friends were sitting, when all of a sudden, her best friend, Samantha saw her.

“Rachel oh my god, go to the bathroom you look like you’re going to pee any second!” her best friend Samantha said, “I’ll take your lunch, you get to the bathroom!”

She couldn’t even thank Samantha, she made a half smile and a nod, and quickly tuned in the direction of the girl’s bathroom. With both hands on her crotch, and her slow shuffle, it felt like it would take forever for her to reach the bathroom. Anyone in the cafeteria who wanted to see a girl on the verge of peeing herself could simply look over to Rachel.

She was praying that there would not be a line at the bathroom too. She had gotten out of the cafeteria, and it was much quieter now. Every step she took, she could feel more pee leaking out into her panties. The door to the bathroom was just ahead, just a quick walk over.

She finally made it to the bathroom. Again, she was lucky as there was a stall open for her. She removed a hand from her crotch to quickly open the door and make her way into the stall. Being right next to the toilet almost made her lose it immediately, but she got it together. Taking her skirt and panties off were going to be near impossible.

She suddenly heard the door open. “Rachel, are you ok, its Samantha.”

Rachel quickly responded, “Can you help me please?” She could hear Samantha right out of the stall, and was wondering why she was waiting to come in.

“Can I come in,” Samantha asked tentatively. She knew Rachel better than anyone, but still she didn’t want to breach her privacy in the bathroom.

“Please Samantha, get in here!” Rachel frantically said. Samantha walked in to see Rachel nearly peeing herself on the spot. There was already some pee on the floor from Rachel leaking.

“Can you pull my skirt down, I can’t. Please do it as fast as you can.” Rachel pleaded.

“Okay, you’re gonna have to uncross your legs, I can’t do anything with them crossed.”

“I can’t, I’ll pee myself right here,” Rachel said, her voice full of pain.

“Umm, how about this, just pull your skirt up and pee?” Samantha said, trying to find a solution for her friend. Samantha did not have to tell Rachel twice, as she her hands flew from her crotch to lift her skirt up, and she threw herself down on the toilet.

Samantha awkwardly walked back out of the stall, happy her friend had avoided completely pissing herself. She waited outside the stall and listened to her friend pee for nearly two minutes.

The relief Rachel felt wasn’t comparable to anything she had felt in her life. This was the worst she had ever had to go. She decided that she would never skip going to the bathroom again. She got out of the stall and smiled at Samantha.

“Thanks, I don’t know what I would do without you,” she said with a smile. She washed her hands with soap, and her and Samantha walked back to the cafeteria together.

Thanks again for reading!

