Lauren's Game 3: Dialog

Author: jb2ja

*000*2019-09-07 13:42

The following is the third in the Lauren's Game series. Here are links to the first $$ and second $$.

Lauren's Game 3: Dialogue

====

Everyone knew what it felt like to have the need. A sort of fullness in the lower abdomen. A tingling of the genitalia. The sort of feeling that usually sent one looking for a little room with a little receptacle into which one could release the fluid that was causing all those sensations. And, for most people, most of the time, it was a mundane enough occurrence. A nuisance, perhaps. An interruption to whatever they were doing. But it was a few minutes out of their lives that they’d scarcely give a second thought to once they were done with it.

Every now and then, though, finding a little room in which to attend to that excess fluid proved a little less straightforward. Maybe the nearest such room was a significant detour. Maybe they were in an unfamiliar place and didn’t know where it was. Maybe they knew precisely where it was, and the door was locked, or there was a backlog of people trying to get in there. Or maybe there was a perfectly suitable room completely available and this unfortunate soul simply couldn’t get away from some other obligation to get just two or three much-needed minutes in it. Regardless of the exact cause of the predicament, it was a scenario that had long intrigued Lauren—that of a body trying its very best to resist this universal need.

The body of her boyfriend, Troy, had played that particular role on more than one occasion, much to Lauren’s exhilaration. It was so exciting watching him fill up that she secretly made a bit of a game out of trying to subtly divert him away from a bathroom whenever she got the chance—secretly, that is, until a few weeks ago when she’d fallen several points short on the subtlety scale. You see, for all the tantalizing watching and wondering she would do while the game was afoot, and for all the other guys who had been pawns in her game before she’d met Troy, it was rare that she actually got to witness the final act—to see firsthand just how much liquid had been kept at bay as a result of her little manipulation of events.

And, well, let’s just say that she’d manipulated events very well on that occasion. For as much as the game had honed her acting skills, she couldn’t so much as pretend to tease him for not waiting longer. That was a body that had held all that could be held. And Lauren defied any appreciator of human needs to be subtle after witnessing a display like that.

And so Troy deduced her secret rather quickly. Not every nuance, of course. Not right away. But it was fairly clear that something about what she’d seen that night had interested her greatly. And so he started, at least, to connect the dots.

Lauren had driven him halfway home in silence before he finally found the words to form a sentence about what he’d just learned. “So... you like to watch guys pee?”

She’d hesitated a moment before replying, not breaking eye contact with the road ahead for even an instant. “If… if they need to do it a lot,” she’d told him sheepishly in the shortest true answer she could compose. You see, Lauren didn’t want to see a guy lazily dribbling some just-in-case pee into the toilet because he was about to leave the house to run some errands. She wanted to see that guy asking the clerk at a petrol station if he could please have the key to the restroom after a six hour road trip with a caffeinated beverage to keep him alert at the wheel.

Maybe she’d missed her calling as a station attendant, Lauren mused, looking back on this conversation. Are you a customer?, she might ask the full-bladdered traveler suspiciously. Maintaining a bathroom wasn’t free, after all. You have to buy something first, she’d tell him. I’m going to pump some gas, he might explain, but couldn’t I just use the restroom first? he’d ask, trying to play it cool, trying to pretend his proposal was nothing more than the natural order of events since he happened to already be standing there. Men never liked to admit they were bursting. It was a sign of weakness.

That was actually a large part of what made Lauren’s game work, that the male psychology didn’t want to show weakness. But then you can’t really beg for mercy if you’re not prepared to beg, can you? Pump first, then come back with a receipt, she’d tell him firmly. And then when he did come back, all the more eager to go, they’d just have to see if she “accidentally” handed him the wrong key. The ladies’ key looks so similar to the men’s key, she thought devilishly. It would be easy for an innocent girl to make an honest mistake...

She smiled as she wondered how that would play out. Would he even think to try it on the women’s door? Would he actually use that room if he did? Men weren’t supposed to go in there, after all. That toilet wasn’t meant for penises. Surely the proper thing to do would be to trudge his full bladder back to the counter to correct the mix-up, to wait patiently for her to find the right key. I know it’s around here somewhere, she imagined herself saying as she feigned a search, giving him ample time to regret not having nipped into the ladies’ room whilst he had the chance.

But back in the real world, any prospect of that little game had gone on hold for a while, even if the cat was finally out of the bag. Because for as much as Lauren was usually very interested in hearing about her boyfriend’s full bladder, her interest in it wasn’t something she’d ever discussed out loud. This wasn’t a matter of having snuck the last cookie from the jar. Not every guy would be amused to learn that the reason he’d been pushed to the verge of soaking himself was all a depraved conspiracy for her pleasure. She was really treading on dangerous ground with this one.

So, after that brief little admission in the car—when, really, there had been little choice but to give him some kind answer—she’d been avoiding the topic of urination as best she could. Even when Troy raised the topic himself, announcing that he had to pee, it always felt like a test. Maybe even a trap. She didn’t know what she was supposed to say. ‘Hold it in for me, baby, I love to watch you wait’? ‘Absolutely, go ahead, I just want you to be comfortable’? As if she even had the right to express an opinion in the first place as to whether he were entitled to pee. The game had been so much simpler when no one could judge her for playing it.

Poor Troy, meanwhile, only grew more confused each time he went fishing for intel. At first, he’d wondered how he hadn’t seen it before. How many times had this otherwise patient girl asked him if he could just wait to use the toilet until after they’d finished with this or that? And yet, the more he probed, the more clueless he felt. One would have thought that having a girlfriend who was utterly fascinated by something he had to do a number of times a day anyway was living the dream—that while other men were fumbling to buy chocolates or flowers or write love poetry, all he had to do to get Lauren going was to be a living, functioning being. And yet he felt as uncertain as though he were at a flower shop, staring at rows upon rows of bouquets. He didn’t understand what it was that Lauren found so intriguing about this bodily function, and so he didn’t know which bouquet to bring her. All the flowers looked pretty much the same to him.

That hadn’t stopped him from trying, of course. If he’d gotten it right once before, surely he could do it again. But he felt rather as though he kept showing up at her door with the wrong kind of bouquet in hand. At each opportunity he’d varied his approach, hoping to find his way back to a flower shop that he hadn’t been paying any attention to the last time he was there. He’d tried handing her a position of dominance by asking if it was okay if he went to the bathroom. He’d tried giving her an excuse to say no by deliberately waiting until a bathroom was a little bit inconvenient to get to before asking for a rest stop. He’d tried announcing that he had to pee and then making no effort to actually find relief for an hour or more thereafter. He’d done seemingly everything short of uncontrollably pissing in public again. And if that was what it took to get Lauren’s attention, Troy thought, then they seemed to be at a bit of an impasse.

But in the end Lauren’s admiration for a not-so-patiently-waiting penis (much like the poor penis itself, in fact) could be kept at bay for only so long. And so it was perhaps inevitable that there eventually came an evening when Lauren let her passion for a need withheld overpower her fear of saying the wrong thing.

It all started when, having arrived home after a particularly long day of work, she texted Troy, who was at that moment just getting home after a long bus ride from his parents’ house.

Lauren: Making good time?

While she waited for his response, she threw a slice of pizza in the microwave and poured herself a much-needed glass of wine to take the edge off. She had downed almost the entire glass in the time it took Troy to respond.

Troy: Yes, almost home. How was your day?

Lauren: Let’s just say that tonight is a two-glasses-of-wine night.

And she poured herself a second glass of wine.

Troy: Hard day?

Lauren: You could say that. How about you? Did you have a comfortable journey back?

Troy had just finished lugging his suitcase back into his apartment when that message arrived. He hesitated for a moment, considering whether he could spare the time to reply. He quickly abandoned the idea, however. Letting his suitcase topple behind him, he instead proceeded directly to the bathroom, which his body seemed to be anticipating all the more urgently now that it was finally within reach. He didn’t even bother shutting the door. There was no need. His roommate wasn’t home. And Troy was rather more concerned with extracting his eager member from his pants as quickly as possible. The resulting torrent struck the water hard. He shivered uncontrollably as a wave of relief seemed to pass through his entire body, causing the stream to momentarily miss its mark. He corrected hastily while continuing to pee at full force.

When finally his full relief was seen to and the spillage wiped up, Troy took the opportunity to compose a reply. It was ironic that Lauren should have chosen to use the word comfortable when asking about his trip.

Troy: It was mostly okay as bus rides go, but comfortable isn’t quite the word for it. I really had to pee for the last half hour.

And maybe it was because the wine was relaxing her nerves. Maybe it was because text messages felt safer than talking about it out loud. Maybe the girl just needed a fix after not having witnessed a body hold back a pee in far too long. But whatever it was, on this night, a thousand questions swirled through her head, and Lauren just could not pretend another time that Troy hadn’t said what he’d said.

Lauren: They didn’t have anywhere you could go?

You couldn’t fault a girl for asking that much. He’d brought it up, after all.

Troy: There’s a bathroom at the station. But there wasn’t a lot of time, and going in there with a big suitcase in tow is such a production that I figured I’d just wait.

Lauren’s heart pounded at the idea of her boyfriend hefting around both a full suitcase and a full bladder. She wanted to ask him one more thing: How badly did he need to go? But even with the wine surging through her veins, she had to pause a moment to wonder just how far she was allowed to push this. Would he rather talk about something else? Would dwelling on the topic remind him that his girlfriend was a cruel, sadistic bitch who took pleasure in his discomfort? She used every ounce of her strength to deflect her enthusiasm into a statement rather than a question, hoping that this conversation could continue a while longer if she played her cards right.

Lauren: Aw, too bad I wasn’t there with you. We could’ve taken turns watching the luggage while we each peed.

That was a nice enough thing to say, right? That she would’ve helped him pee if she could have? That was what good girlfriends who weren’t playing the game did. If her secret weren’t out, though, this was honestly exactly the sort of scenario in which she might not have been such a good girlfriend. The sort of situation in which she might have suddenly been very concerned with getting to their next bus. But, then, she’d only claimed that they could have taken turns, not that she’d have actually cooperated.

Troy: I don’t know if there would’ve been time for us both to go. There wasn’t a lot of time before the next bus left, and for some reason there are only women’s rooms on the platform. The men have to take a longer walk.

Now Lauren’s heart was really pounding. Just enough time for one of them to go. That sounded even better than a game of road-tripper-and-the-station-attendant.

Lauren: Oh no. I wonder how we’d decide who got to go.

A short pause seemed to indicate Troy was thinking.

Troy: That’s a tough one... We could flip a coin.

Flip a coin? Troy clearly hadn’t spent as much time as Lauren pondering the ins and outs of whether a person gets to pee. There were so many nuances to a situation like that. What’s more, a lot of people might give one answer when philosophizing from their armchair and another one entirely when their own bladder was actually at stake. It’s easy to say that whoever needs it most should go until you’re the one who needs it second-most. She began typing energetically.

Lauren: Aw, but that’s not always fair, is it? What if one of us needed to go more? Or one of us called dibs on it first? Or there could be practical considerations — a long line at the ladies’ room or uncertainty whether you could run all the way to the men’s room and back before our bus left. If we chose wrong - or if we spent too much time deliberating - then neither of us would get to go. And if you’re really feeling egalitarian, maybe that’s even for the best: if both of us can’t go, then maybe it’s not right for just one of us to.

That was all a bit more complexity than Troy had ever associated with peeing. There was another pause while he tried to come up with something he could possibly say in response to that long message.

Troy: If you have to pee badly enough to be that concerned about it, then you can go and I’ll watch the suitcase.

And it was with a small twinge of guilt that Lauren knew we was telling the truth. He’d hold it in to make her life easier. He’d demonstrated that on enough occasions. And in truth she’d only been toying with him most of those times. Maybe all of them. And the craziest thing was that he had to know that by now. She’d deliberately driven him to the verge of pissing himself on multiple times, and here he was saying he’d hold it for her again just to save her from the same fate. Suddenly making him wait didn’t feel like such an innocent game anymore.

Lauren: No, I think maybe after the beach thing it’s your turn to go first. I’ll watch the suitcase.

And Lauren’s bladder, the wine starting to make itself known, felt much as it would have in that situation—like she could really do with a trip to the little girl’s room but had been sent instead to sit in the corner and think about what she’d done.

Troy, of course, was as confused as ever. The fantasy was that he’d wait until it was really urgent, wasn’t it? Was he supposed to insist ladies first? Or perhaps invent some twist of events to keep him from finding relief? Or did saying he could go mean that she just wasn’t in the mood for a pee fantasy right now?

There was a pause while neither of them sent a message for some time. Eventually, though, Lauren could no longer stand the silence.

Lauren: So did you attend to your needs now that you’re home?

She may have felt bad about the idea of forcing him to wait, but you couldn’t blame a girl for wanting the details of an incident that happened through not fault of her own, could you?

Troy: Yeah, that was why it took me a couple minutes to respond when you asked whether the trip had been comfortable.

Lauren: Aw, it was so bad that you couldn’t take thirty seconds to answer your wonderful girlfriend who just wanted to know how your day was? : P

Troy: It was pretty bad.

Lauren wished she could’ve been there to see that. She imagined him gingerly pulling his suitcase over the threshold into his apartment, his desperate package bulging through a tight, stretchy pair of shorts that probably hadn’t been his actual choice of attire for a long bus ride at this time of year. The kind of shorts that left little to the imagination. The kind that, conveniently for Troy, would at least make it easy to squeeze any parts of his anatomy that might happen to be in need of a little counter-pressure. She imagined him taking small quick steps to the bathroom, his hands plunging into his shorts, ready to extract his member the moment he was in position.

How must it feel, Lauren wondered, to employ such bulky equipment for the cause of urination. Could Troy feel the liquid surging down that long tunnel, snaking its way to escape? What must that feel like, the instant when it's released but still inside you? Was there any way to stop it once it was in there? How different must it feel to lose control when there's a split second in which you could almost do something about it? If nothing else, it was an extra half-second to get your pants down. And then there was no 180-degree spin after lifting the toilet lid. No lowering his body to the seated position. A guy in the process of springing a leak really seemed to have a leg up on a girl in the same predicament when it came to staying dry. As long as Lauren wasn’t there playing one of her games with him, that is.

Lauren: It’s too bad you went to your apartment instead of mine.

Troy: Would I have had to tell you how my day was before I could go?

Lauren smiled. Was it her imagination, or was Troy actually playing along with this little fantasy?

Lauren: Well, I haven’t seen you in more than a week. It’d be nice if we could talk for a few seconds before you run off. I’d hate to think you’re only dating me so as to have a convenient restroom on this side of town.

Troy: But then surely after a moment’s conversation you’d lend your facilities to a gentleman in distress?

In Lauren's imagination, he was wearing those shorts again. Without any underwear this time. Just one thin sheet of fabric between his fire hose and the world. He might as well be naked, really, for all those shorts were doing to protect his modesty. A small dark patch at the tip of his penis betrayed a spurt that had escaped somewhere along the way to her door. Maybe it would’ve been less embarrassing to be naked. If he had been, the leak would have shot out from his body, landed with the tiniest of sounds, and then left him free to flee the scene rather than carry his patch of shame with him.

Lauren would never have known he hadn’t been man enough keep it all in. Of course, having his package hanging out in the breeze probably wouldn't have done him any favors for the rest of the trip. Apart from probably drawing a fair amount of attention—naked guys weren't that common a sight, even on the streets of a college town—the cool night air might have been too much for him. Did having a breeze around his privates make it as hard for him to hold as it did for her, she wondered. She imagined him jogging, naked, toward her building, his package dribbling with the jolt of each foot on the ground.

But she was going off on a tangent. The question was what if he showed up at her door like that.

Lauren: That’s a good question...

Troy: You think you'd enjoy that? If I had a few too many sodas before I came over?

Lauren grinned evilly as she typed her response.

Lauren: Maybe just one soda too many - so you'd have a fighting chance.

She’d want him to be able to hold it long enough to be properly toyed with, after all.

To Troy, it seemed that, for the first time in the weeks that he’d been trying to figure Lauren out, she was actually responding—and quite eagerly, too. For most of the rest of the evening, he fanned out his search, testing her with different variations on that scenario, trying to learn as much as he could while her lips—or, rather, her texting fingers—were still loosened by the wine.

And Lauren, for her part, seemed to delight in each of them. What if it was a stranger begging to use her toilet instead of Troy? Or what if it was instead someone she vaguely recognized from her accounting class? What if he’d been drinking—would that earn the guy any sympathy? Alcohol makes a body need to do things, after all. And if she wouldn’t let him into her own private apartment, would she at least consider escorting this hypothetical nonresident into the building’s fitness center so he could use the facilities there? He might get a little antsy during the elevator ride—was it okay if he had to dance around a little or was he supposed to have some decorum? He might’ve been wandering the hallways for quite a while, after all, before she took pity on him.

Each answer helped paint Troy a picture of just what Lauren was thinking when she saw a gentleman in need. She seemed in general to have great interest in following a fellow in such a predicament so as to see what happened, to have modest sympathy for the difficulty of his situation, to have limited (but, Troy noted, not nonexistent) interest in helping him locate somewhere he could go, to have a fairly firm conviction that he was supposed to keep it in until a proper such place was found, and to be very much interested in witnessing the final act. Troy took a moment to probe that last point.

Troy: You don’t want to give him some privacy?

At this point, Lauren was responding so uninhibitedly to the idea of torturing this poor hypothetical fellow that Troy was beginning to suspect she had moved on to a third glass of wine.

Lauren: Well, he claimed he had to go so badly. How else is a girl supposed to know if he was telling the truth if she doesn’t see it come out?

Troy: I didn’t think most girls were so interested in fact-checking that kind of thing.

Lauren seemed to have started typing before Troy even got his message out.

Lauren: Suppose I found him in the hallway again one day. I’m not going to keep bending the rules and letting him into the bathroom if he’s just the boy who cried pee. It’s supposed to be for residents only.

Troy: Oh, so you’d tell him it didn’t seem like he went very much the last time and he should stop being overdramatic?

Lauren: Exactly. There are people in this world who really have to go. I could use a visit to the little girl’s room myself after all this wine, but I can’t expect the world to drop everything just because I need to piss.

It was the same conundrum that had rendered Troy speechless earlier in the night: What was the right response when she needed to go?

Troy: So you’re not going to go?

Lauren: Not right now. I’m having a lovely conversation with my wonderful boyfriend who gets first dibs on the next restroom because I got to go first at the beach.

That was an unexpected twist. It hadn’t occurred to Troy that Lauren’s fantasies might encompass her own bladder being full to the brim too. He could probably ask just as many questions about that reversed situation. What if she were at a stranger’s door, begging to use his toilet? But he could only ask so many questions at a time.

Troy: How much wine did you drink?

Lauren: Three glasses.

Troy: That’s a lot of wine.

Lauren: You’re telling me : P

Troy: So if we were at the bus station right now, you’d volunteer to sit right outside the ladies’ room and watch the suitcases while I walked clear across the building to find a men’s room?

Lauren: Yep.

Troy: And you’ll just watch all the other women stroll and out of the ladies’ room while you have to keep waiting?

The mere thought was making Lauren squirm a little, but she couldn’t very well back down now, could she? Just like the guys she so enjoyed toying with – sometimes all that kept someone holding was having something to prove.

Lauren: I promised you could go first. I’m honor-bound.

And Lauren shoved her hand between her legs as she imagined herself right at the ladies’ room door, watching a stream of other women go in looking uncomfortable—some of them very uncomfortable—and then walk back out breathing a sigh of relief as Lauren watched in envy. But she was a big girl. She could hold it. For a while, at least.

They talked about that scenario for a few moments. Would she sit or stand by the suitcases? Would she grow impatient if Troy took a while to return, perhaps having encountered a line at the one men’s room at a station that somehow had three ladies’ rooms? What did she reckon the station operators were even thinking in setting the place up that way? Would she consider leaving the bags unattended if she got really desperate? Or might she have been able to maneuver into a stall with both of their suitcases in tow?

Lauren: I think I’d really just have to hope that you’d hurry.

Troy: And when I got back, then you’d get to go?

Lauren probably should’ve said yes to that. If she was going to hold to the end of this little fantasy, as seemed to be the new aim of the game, then she really needed it to end soon. But saying no opened up too good a scenario for her to pass up: That he was the reason she didn’t get to pee. It was as though the game really had been reversed.

Lauren: If I weren’t standing in the door to the bus refusing to let them leave because somebody was being a slowpoke : P

Troy: Oh no, you mean the bus is pulling out right this second?

Lauren: Yes, and now I’m going to have to wait until we get home!

She had to piss like a racehorse, and it was all Troy’s fault. Troy and his stupid penis that couldn’t just hold it like all the other penises on the platform.

Lauren: You couldn’t have peed faster?

Troy: I peed as fast as I could! The problem was the line of guys in front of me.

Lauren: If the line was that long, maybe you should’ve just run back so I could go.

Troy: I was explicitly told that I was supposed to pee first.

Lauren was getting antsy in real life at this point, sitting on top of her heel as she rocked forward and backwards, her phone in her hands. She had to find a way to get Troy to give her permission to pee. That seemed to be the new name of the game for today—to get Troy to say it was okay for her to pee without her admitting to him that she was about to burst like a little schoolgirl.

Lauren: You can take the bags once we’re off the bus. I’m going straight to the apartment. Give me your key.

Troy: I have to carry both suitcases myself?

Lauren: Please, babe?

A small spurt escaped into her pants. This was probably the part where she was supposed to insist it was an emergency. But who wanted to admit they couldn’t hold a little pee-pee? Especially when she was the one who invented this whole game.

Troy: And if the tables were turned, am I to believe you’d let me go right now?

Lauren: Oh, that’s a tough one.

Part of her didn’t care what the honest answer was to that question. Part of her just wanted to tell him she was bursting, to beg for permission to pee. But one last desperate idea to save face occurred to her before she resorted to that. Quid pro quo.

Lauren: Maybe if you helped me out when I really needed it, I’d repay the favor the next time you were in trouble.

Lauren’s chest pounded at the suggestion she was about to make.

Lauren: If you skipped your end-of-workday pee the next time you came over, you might even have a chance to find out : P

It took Troy a moment to respond, as though he weighing just exactly what he was getting himself into. Lauren, meanwhile, was silently screaming for him to type faster.

Troy: I’d better let you go, then. The last thing I need is to leave you with a score to settle.

Lauren breathed a sigh of relief as she made haste to her bathroom, pulling her pants down and taking a much-needed seat. But just as she was about to relax, she jammed her hand into her crotch to hold it back just a moment longer. He’d said he had better let her go, but that wasn’t quite the same as saying she could go. A good girl would make sure before she let it out. Operating her phone single-handed, she asked for confirmation.

Lauren: So I can pee now? : D

She clenched her thighs together while Troy typed his response.

Troy: Yeah, I’ll meet you up there with the bags.

And Lauren’s body relaxed without a moment’s delay.

*004*2019-09-11 23:07

Thank you all for your kind words. I'm glad the story did not disappoint.

*007*2020-05-04 20:15

{{On 5/1/2020 at 7:21 PM, Bangarang said:

I love your Lauren series so much! Really hoping for another instalment one day! Any plans?

I’d love to hear about her earlier exploits too, like where she teased that whole group of guys in the bar

}}

I hesitate a little with forward-looking statements like this. Time for writing is not as abundant as I'd like it to be, and you might be surprised at how many hours go into one of these stories. But, since you asked: Another of Lauren's adventures is currently under development, and (while I wish I could be more precise) with any luck you'll have it some time this year.

It's nice to know you're not tired of her yet!

