A hot, wet night on the slopes. One of my wildest fantasies

Author: jboarder64L

*000*2022-12-03 15:14

I’ll start with a little preface. I’ve never really written any fiction or fantasies on here before until lastnight. I had actually originally posted this as a response on the omo fantasies thread under omo general. It really was a lot for a simple response on a thread and I also wanted to add more to it so I felt it may be a little more fitting to put this here. I may not be the best with this, I’m usually writing about first hand experiences but this one was just too good not to share so excuse my lack of writing abilities!

For me, one of my biggest fantasies would be to spend the evening out on the slopes drinking and having a good time with a lady friend. Then have it devolve into us both wetting our pants together and discovering that she’s very much into it so here’s a little outline of how I imagine it all playing out.

I meet a nice girl at the local coffee shop and we end up talking quite a bit. She’s super cute and we really hit it off. It turns out we both love being outdoors, hiking and snowboarding so we decide to meet up in the afternoon at the local ski resort for a night out on the slopes. We end up having a great time taking majestic pow runs through the woods all day and drinking beers on the lift, popping back in to the lodge frequently to use the bathroom and grab drinks at the bar. We take some runs with some of our friends for a bit before we all have a beer together in the parking lot and they go off they’re separate ways. By this point i have a slight urge to pee but know I can always duck off behind a tree on the way down so it’s not a big deal to me. I ask if she wants to run inside quick before we go back up but given how crowded and busy it looks down at the lodge, combined with the short lift line she says “it’s all good, let’s take another run and go back after”

Fast forward about 20 minutes. The lift operator seemed to be having some minor issues with the lift and it stopped inexplicably about 3 times, a few minutes at a time, while we were in line to get on. I had felt my urge to pee grow considerably during that time but we had finally made it on the lift and were on our way up.

By this time It’s after dark and we both have a nice little buzz going when the lift suddenly stops about halfway up the mountain. There’s no one on the chairs in front of us or behind us and we both have to pee pretty bad but have been trying to stay strong and not show it, so neither of us knows how bad the other has to go.

Ten minutes go by and we see a bunch of workers on snowmobiles heading down towards the bottom of the lift and it seems pretty evident to us both that they’re having some technical problems and we may be stuck there for a bit until they can get it going. By this point I’m clenching my thighs together and wiggling my toes in my boots but making my best effort to not show how bad I really have to go. We chat and joke about the situation and I start to notice she’s squirming around a little but I pretend not to notice. A few minutes later a ski patroller is skiing down the mountain below us and she yells down to him nervously asking how long he thinks it will be until we’re moving again. He tells us to be patient and that they will hopefully have us going again in a few minutes.

By this point I’m already doing the math in my head, knowing it’s still another ten minute ride up once the lift starts going again. I look over at her and she’s visibly squirming and bouncing in her seat. I reassure her it’s no big deal, these things happen sometimes and she tells me she understands that, she just has to pee sooo bad. She looks down at my legs and back up at me and asks if I do too because she thought she saw me fidgeting and squirming a little. I tell her I actually do have to piss incredibly bad and joke that if it takes any longer my eyeballs will start floating.

By this time we’re both squirming around desperately and unable to really say too much. Another 5 minutes pass and she tells me she’s afraid she’s going to pee her pants and I jokingly tell her “I hope your snowpants are waterproof!” We both laugh and she says “well this isn’t exactly how I expected I’d be testing that”. By this point I’m absolutely desperate and can’t stop squirming around and she appears to be in the same situation. I ask her what she thinks about the logistics of me trying to get my snowboard off and hand it to her while I pull myself up onto the chairlift seat, stand up and just pull it out right there and piss off the lift.

She tells me “that’s not fair!, you want me to hold your board for you while I probably pee my pants and you get to enjoy the sweet relief of peeing off the lift?!. No way, If I take my hands out of my crotch I think I’ll pee right here!”. So I tell her playfully “ Ohhhhh! I see how it is! If you’re not making it off this lift dry then you’re gonna make damn sure I don’t get to either huh?” and we both share a little laugh. She stops squirming for a minute and grabs my hand, moans and says “help me hold it” as she pulls my hand between her legs. I press firmly as she bounces and squirms. I can’t stop moving my legs back and and forth and wiggling my toes as I feel the little bursts of warmth as the first couple leaks spurt out and soak in to my pants.Neither of us say a word to eachother.

By this point we’re both concentrating every ounce of our being into not peeing. I can’t help but wonder if she’s been leaking too when suddenly the chairlift comes back to life and gives our chair a slight jolt as we begin moving again. She immediately gasps and looks me dead in the eye as she smiles in ecstatic relief. Right about the time I notice the outer shell of her snowpants growing warmer to the touch and I hear a subtle hiss emanating from within her snowpants. As I continue to squirm in desperation she moans “oh my god, it feels AMAZING , it’s so warm!” She giggles and looks down at my crotch as I squirm around. She puts her hand between my legs and while looking me in the eye and asks “are you leaking yet?”. I can’t even speak, I just nod and while still holding her hand between my legs she says “ it’s okay, just go, it’s not like you’re going to make it anyways, you’re already leaking. It’s over. Just. Relax.”

I immediately relax and start flooding my pants. I feel it pooling up across my lap and overflowing back down over my hips as the enormous flow of warmth just spreads everywhere. I’m sure the look of relief in my eyes was impossible to hide at that point. She suddenly giggles and says “ohhhh, I can feel it getting warmmmm!! You’re wetting your pants aren’t you?!!” I laugh and say” I’m sorry, I just couldn’t hold it any longer!! You really weren’t kidding about this being warm!”. 

She smiles while looking me in the eye and pulls my hand over to the waistband of her pants. She guides my hand down into her warm, steaming wet pants and undoes her button for me before reaching over and unbuttoning my pants too and sliding her hand in. She squirms as I rub her hot, soaking wet pussy while she grabs my rock hard cock inside my soaked snowpants. We bring eachother to orgasm within a few short minutes, leaving us just enough time to get our pants buttoned back up before riding off the lift..... To be continued...

Part Two.

As we stand up and disembark the chairlift I feel the warmth begin to spread further down my legs like a nice warm blanket wrapping itself around my entire lower body. I can’t help but imagine she’s feeling a similar sensation. We briefly discuss which trail to take on our next run and she gives me a little smile and wink as she takes off down the mountain ahead of me.

I follow her in to a dimly lit little patch of woods between a few trails about halfway down the mountain and we both stop just barely out of sight from the trail. She turns around and pats her butt in her snowpants and asks “ how do I look, can you tell I just pissed myself?” I flip on my cell phone light and and determine there’s not even the slightest hint of a wet patch to be seen. She giggles and says “ I feel like I just peed in a diaper or something” I ask how I look and she tells me I’m dry on the outside as well. I ask if she’s getting cold or anything to which she replies no. She tells me it still feels really warm and asks if I’ve still got my chairlift beer in my pocket as she pulls her beer can from her coat pocket. I had almost completely forgotten that I had mine in my pocket still.

Considering our prior situation, drinking anything was the last thing on my mind at the time. We both crack our beers open and she gives me a little cheers and a wink before we both sit down in the snow and drink our beers fairly quickly. We talk a little about what to do going forward and agree we’re both warm enough for a couple more runs but that maybe we should grab a water at the lodge quick first. We were going to be leaving in the next hour or two and figured it would be a good idea to burn off the slight buzz we had beforehand. We enjoy the rest of our ride down to the lodge and head inside.

Once down we go in and each grab a water bottle and strike up a conversation with a few friends. I don’t about her, but I felt so incredibly naughty just standing there with her, casually chatting with friends while the two of us were the only ones aware of the hot steamy mess we had both made inside of our ski pants.

After about 20 minutes we decide to use the bathroom quick before we head back up. I tell her “ you know, just in case” she glances down between my legs and looks back up at me and laughs before we go our separate ways in to the bathrooms. I unzip my pants at the urinal and am absolutely drenched. There’s not single dry spot visible as I pee in to the urinal and zip back up to head out. We meet in the hallway and make out way back out to strap in and head for the lift line.

There were only 3 people in line ahead of us and within a few minutes it was out turn to board. Our ride up this time was much less eventful. The lift never stopped and we just talked a bit about which trails we were going to take next and I offered her the use of my washer and dryer if she wanted to come kick it for a bit after, I was after all just a few minutes up the road. She smiled and said “ sure, I really appreciate it”.

Our next three or four runs were fun yet fairly uneventful. We chatted a little and on the lift but didn’t speak too much about what we had done earlier. We eventually made our way back to the parking lot and hopped in my car. It wasn’t until we were on our way back that she said “I hope that wasn’t all too much for you. I’m really sorry. I just had to go so bad and then I couldn’t help but get a little carried away” I told her to not to apologize. I, in all honestly absolutely loved it and told her, “I mean it’s pretty obvious that I was just as turned on as you were over it, I’ve honestly always kind of had a little bit of pee kink so naturally it was all a huge turn on for me” She didn’t say a word, but just looked over at me and smiled. She then broke the short silence that followed by spontaneously saying “ Go pee with me! I have to go again. You must have to go again by now!”

Slightly surprised I said “right now?” To which she responded “Yes’ right now silly! We’re already wet. Just think how warm it’ll be. I don’t think I really need to tell you at this point how much of turn on this is for me. I’ve been in to this for as long as I can remember! “ “Sheesh, you’re even more fun than I thought” I responded. She smiled and said “ok, on the count of three lets go ok? Are you ready” I nodded yes as I smiled “ ok, one, two, three!....” she playfully announces “ I’m peeeeeing!!” before asking “are you going?!” I tell her I certainly am and it feel AMAZING. As we pull in to my driveway she puts her hand between my legs and gropes me through all of my sopping wet layers as I’m still peeing full force right there in the drivers seat. I lean over towards her and pull her close as we start kissing in my driveway..... To be continued!

