Aveline's brush with bandits - a short Skyrim story

Author: Jon

*000*2016-09-27 21:50

A gentle wind filtered through the pine forest as Aveline Raynott plodded along the dirt road, her breath turning to mist in the brisk Skyrim air. Aveline was a Breton girl of short stature with short hair, dark features, and a keen eye for all things business. She was returning home to Rorikstead from a short trip to Falkreath to purchase supplies for the small shop that she kept. Traveling alone, she turned her head upward and took note of the rapidly sinking sun.

"I should have hired a sellsword or two to protect my investment," she said softly to herself. Though they were rare, a bandit attack would cost her far more than she could afford to lose. Not to mention what bandits would do to a pretty girl like Aveline. She shuddered to herself, and drew her bag higher up on her back.

She had lived in Skyrim for the past two years, moving to Rorikstead from High Rock after her parents died. She had since done well for herself as an outsider in a small Nord town, selling tools and supplies, trading with the Khajiit caravans, and calculating profit margins for the local farmers. The locals had only recently been referring to her by her given name, instead of simply "Breton girl".

Aveline produced a bottle of spiced wine from her satchel, and took a long drink from it. She figured she was about halfway home, and she wanted to be finished with the bottle before she arrived- no sense in tarnishing her hard-earned reputation with the locals, who scorned anyone who drank something as refined as spiced wine.

Nearby, a small stream trickled down the rock faces into a shallow pool, wreathed with nirnroot. This had a peculiar effect on Aveline; the dim chiming of the nirnroot was soothing, but the steady trickle of water made her aware of her body's needs.

She downed the last bit of her wine, and tossed the bottle down the embankment next to the road. It was quite a large bottle- no wonder she needed to pee, she thought to herself.

The road ahead descended into a swale, where the stream ran into a thicket. Aveline looked around, the trickling stream causing her to cross her legs and squeeze her crotch as a sudden urge hit her. Oh Gods, she needed to pee! The thicket ahead seemed to be as good a place as any, as it not only provided a good hiding spot for her bag full of goods, but also good concealment for the process of undressing to urinate.

As she turned off the road, she couldn't help but remember her childhood in High Rock, tramping through thickets similar to this one. She remembered the first time that she peed outside as a girl- it was a disaster, as she didn't pull her dress aside properly and ended up soaking it.

"Can't make that mistake again," she thought to herself, grinning. Once in the thicket, she laid her bag down underneath some pine boughs, and approached the stream, unbuckling her belt.

As she began to lower her pants, she froze. At her feet was a leather shield, too new to have been discarded. Her eyes moved upward to the stream. There, not ten feet away, squatting among some death bell flowers, was a redguard woman, her legs spread, pissing a hard stream into the water. She was looking directly at Aveline. Fear washed over her. Was this a bandit? A thief? Some other ruffian intended on doing her harm? Aveline spurted a quick jet of pee into her undergarments, then controlled herself. In a shaky voice, she spoke.

"I'm.. Sorry," she said, backing up, her wet underwear clinging to her skin. "I was just.. I didn't mean.."

"Easy, Breton," the Redguard woman said, still urinating. "You'll soil your undergarments. I'm not going to hurt you. And judging by your dress and demeanor, you're not going to hurt me either. Go ahead and do your business, I don't mind at all."

Aveline blushed. She wondered if this woman knew that she had just partially soiled her underwear from fear.

"I-I..." She stammered. She was never truly able to relieve herself in front of another person, despite her desperate need to pee.

"Shy, huh?" The redguard woman's stream of urine trickled to a halt, and she picked a leaf from the nearby nightshade plant. "Don't worry, I'll be out of your way soon enough." She wiped herself with the leaf, and Aveline noticed that her privates were completely hairless- were all redguard women like this? "You sure do like to stare," the woman said as she stood, buckling her belt.

Aveline blushed, "I'm sorry, I didn't mean to." She instinctively backed up as the woman approached her. The redguard laughed.

"Relax! I just want my shield. Don't piss yourself!" Aveline coughed, attempting to hide her shame. She lowered her head. "I'm Talia, of Dragonstar."

"Aveline Raynott, of Rorikstead."

"Well it's nice to meet you, Aveline," Talia said, picking up her shield. "Heading home, I presume? It just so happens that I'm on my way to Rorikstead as well!"

Aveline squirmed a bit, feeling the pressure of her bladder about to burst down her legs. "That's a fine coincidence," she said, through slightly clenched teeth. "If you don't mind..."

A branch snapped nearby, and in a whir of motion, Talia swept her sword from its scabbard and turned toward the noise. A deep voice called out from the shadows.

"Well, ain't this a surprise." The tall figure of an Orc stepped into the clearing. Behind him was a smaller man, a Nord perhaps. They did not appear to have the best intentions, judging by their mocking sneers and drawn blades.

Aveline was frozen with fear. She had forgotten all about her need to urinate when these ruffians showed up, but now it had come back in full force as Talia stepped forward to confront them.

"Back off," she said, menacingly. "I'll gut the both of you."

The two bandits burst into laughter. "You?" The Orc choked out between fits of laughter, "You don't stand a chance!" His sneering glare turned directly to Aveline, and he pointed the blade of his sword directly at her, speaking aside to his companion, "I want that one, you hear?"

This was too much for Aveline. She let out a sob. Bending her legs, she lost control of herself. Hot piss forcefully sizzled into her underwear, cascading down her legs and into the dirt. She glanced downward to see rivulets of urine bubbling down the front of her traveling pants, soaking the fabric to her skin. She lowered her hands in a vain attempt to cover herself as she terror-pissed into her pants.The bandits could not have been more pleased, as they howled with laughter.

"You sure you want that one?" The Orc's companion said, "She's went and soiled herself!"

Aveline clenched her bladder muscles and stopped the flow, but the damage was done. Her pants were soaked and steaming, dripping as her skinny legs involuntarily quivered. She glanced shamefully at Talia, who was staring at her. Grimly, the redguard woman faced the two bandits, who were fanning out. Aveline could do nothing as they savagely attacked, hacking and slashing at Talia, who skillfully parried or dodged each blow. A wicked jab of her steel sword quickly ended the smaller man. The Orc did not seem phased. He slammed his axe on his shield in a taunting gesture. Talia appeared to hesitate.

"Go ahead, piss yourself like your little Breton friend! I'm going to end you!" He charged, but Talia, who had worked herself up to an adrenaline rush, smashed her shield into the Orc's face. His feet flew over his head, and before he could even hit the ground, Talia's sword had run him through the trunk.

Aveline had squatted down in terror, cowering before the fight. She wasn't sure, but she thought she may have peed a little more at the ringing of cold steel. The dull warmth of her crotch suggested that this was the case. Talia cleaned off her blade, casting a disgusted glance at Aveline, and walked silently out of the thicket. Stumbling to her feet, the Breton girl followed, grabbing her pack from the bushes.

"Wait," Aveline called out, exiting the thicket. Talia, who had begun to walk down the road toward Rorikstead, halted. "I.. I'm.." Talia turned around, and was silent for a time. Aveline could feel the redguard woman's eyes burning into the front of her legs, where the evidence from her accident still lingered. At last she spoke.

"I've pissed my pants several times," she said, gazing at Aveline's stained trousers. "Actually it's pretty common. Made a couple of enemies piss themselves too. But usually it's in the middle of a melee battle, and I hardly notice. I've never seen someone just stand there and terror-piss down their legs."

Aveline hung her head, and was too ashamed to speak. She heard Talia turn away, sighing. "Okay, Breton- Aveline was it? I'll escort you back to Rorikstead. You obviously have no business being out here alone. But I want payment when we get there, you hear? I don't work for free."

"Of course," Aveline squeaked. She cleared her throat. "50 septims for your trouble. And a hot meal and bed to sleep in when you get us there." She silently walked alongside Talia. "And I'm.. Sorry that I wasn't more help back there. I'm just not very good at fighting."

Talia walked silently, gazing into the trees with her hand on her sword. Out of nowhere, she interjected, "Bet it felt great." Aveline looked quizzically at her redguard escort, who returned her gaze, and gestured to her wet pants. "That piss. I thought you were never going to stop!"

In spite of her embarrassment, Aveline laughed. Talia smiled as well. She felt a small spurt warm her legs as the last of her piss drained out of her. She breathed a sigh of relief, making a mental note to never travel at night without a bodyguard again.

*003*2016-09-28 06:02

I'll be sure to include that in the next installment!

Maybe Talia, the redguard, wets in fear?

*005*2016-10-16 01:30

Hi all! I'm back for round two. Let me know what you think in the comments- and also if you have any suggestions-

"Talia's trick"

"130... 131... 132 septims," Aveline said dejectedly to herself, tossing the last shiny gold piece into the small chest that she kept under the counter. "Not even enough for a Cure Disease potion."

Brushing her dark hair from her face, she sighed to herself. The past few weeks had seen her small shop in Rorikstead coming up painfully short on revenue. With harvest season rapidly coming to an end, her anxiety over the coming winter was peaking. How would she afford to eat? Let alone continue to import tools and equipment for sale from Whiterun. And how on earth would she be able to continue paying her new bodyguard, Talia, the Redguard woman who had saved her life several weeks back?

Blood rose to Aveline's cheeks as she remembered the situation that had brought them together. She had been on the road from Falkreath when she had ducked into a small thicket to relieve herself, only to stumble upon Talia doing just that. After a brief, awkward conversation, a pair of bandits ambushed them. While Talia valiantly defended against them, killing them both with the skillful use of her sword, Aveline had cowered on the ground, forcefully urinating into her garments. Noisily, too, she noted to herself- you could have almost heard the hissing of her accident over the ringing of Talia's sword.

Aveline shook her head, wiping her cheeks with her cold hands to smooth out the redness. The two hadn't spoken of her shameful accident since that night, and Talia had remained in her service to protect her against future attacks, and to work the various manual labor jobs around the shop.

The sharp crack of a log being split by an axe let Aveline know of her bodyguard's location- she must be out back preparing firewood. Standing, Aveline moved to the door to converse with the Redguard woman.

Outside, the crisp air cooled off the remaining heat in her cheeks. Behind the shop, surrounded with freshly split timber, was Talia, stripped to the waist, bare but for the small leather brassiere that she wore under her armor. Aveline watched with something that resembled awe as the wiry redguard raised the axe over her head, and brought it down forcefully with a grunt. The impact rippled through her muscles, her dark breasts jiggling along with them.

"You know," Talia rasped, "if I didn't know better, I would say you're eyeing me up!"

Aveline coughed, looking quickly away in embarrassment. Her bodyguard was in the habit of being blunt, a facet which caused her frequent discomfort. As a merchant, Aveline spoke the language of subtlety, skirting around the subject at hand in order to achieve her own goals. She was a master of speechcraft, weaving each sentence with all the care of an artist. Talia, on the other hand, wielded her words like a battle axe, cutting directly to the matter at hand.

"Who wouldn't want to observe such a raw display of physical power?" Aveline offered, as the Redguard woman grounded her axe, reaching for her water skin.

"What do you need?" She asked, pouring water into her mouth from the tan bag. The wind caught the stream of liquid, causing it to miss it's mark, and run down her chest in rivulets. Talia seemed not to care.

Forming her words carefully, Aveline responded. "I was going to fix some leeks for dinner, but I think it's better that we save them for another time. The weather is getting colder and colder every day.."

Talia stared directly at her. She may be simple minded, Aveline thought, but she knows how to read people.

"You're worried about lasting the winter." Aveline nodded sheepishly. "And you're cutting my pay again."

"Just for the winter," Aveline interjected, trying her best to not sound desperate. Talia grinned to herself, shaking her head and pouring more water carelessly into her mouth. "When the winter thaws, I'll have enough saved up to order new stock from Whiterun. And the proceeds from those sales will be more than enough-"

"Spare me your septim talk," Talia snapped. "You know as well as I do that I'm stuck here until the weather warms and I can cross back into Hammerfell." Aveline paused, waiting for her to add something on to the end of that sentence. But that was all.

"I promise that I'll make it worth your while," Aveline said earnestly. "You've been such a help to me these past few weeks, and I'd like to keep you on another season."

"I'm sure the recent spike in bandit raids has much to do with that," Talia retorted. "You wouldn't stand much of a chance without me around, would you?" In a swift motion, the Redguard brought the water skin to her belt line, and slowly poured some of it onto her leg. The water ran down past her knee, and splattered noisily to the ground. Aveline instantly blushed- she was imitating the embarrassing accident that she had had the night that they met.

"I... Well, I..." Aveline stuttered.

The trickle of water stopped, and Talia brushed some of the remaining droplets from her leg. "You know, I've been thinking about that incident with the bandits."

All Aveline could manage was a weak, "Oh?" as Talia walked toward her. "What about it?"

"Well it was awfully dark that night," Talia noted. "I couldn't get a good look at your face while you were doing it."

"Doing what?" Aveline gasped nervously, as the Redguard woman towered over her.

"While you were uncontrollably spraying piss into your pants. I heard it, I smelled it... But I didn't see it..."

Aveline was mortified. How dare she talk to her like that? And furthermore, where exactly was she going with this? Her question was rapidly answered.

"So here's my offer, Breton girl," Talia said, standing akimbo. "The salary you're paying me is nothing short of humiliating. So for each embarrassing fee I receive, I want you to embarrass yourself too."

"Embarrass myself?" Aveline exclaimed. Her cheeks burned, but she knew exactly what the Redguard woman was referring to.

Talia's gaze burned deep into Aveline's eyes. She licked her lips.

"Urinate yourself." Aveline froze, struggling to find words. "Don't say anything. Just soil your pants in silence. And think about how much you're embarrassing me."

Aveline's legs were shaking. What if she didn't do as the Redguard asked? Would she leave for Whiterun? Or would she do something more physical in nature?

"Do it," Talia growled. "Now!"

Aveline let out a frightened squeak. She relaxed her muscles, almost involuntarily, and soon felt a warm glow at her crotch, followed by a slick wetness. Droplets of pee tickled her legs as they rolled down their length, pooling up in her shoes.

Talia glanced downward, then back up at Aveline as a faint hiss emanated from her pants.

Aveline couldn't hold the gaze a moment longer, and she dropped her head in shame. A growing dark mark stained the front of her pants as she wet them in full view of her bodyguard. Her stream trickled to a halt, and wisps of steam rose from her soaked trousers.

"I know there's more," Talia said threateningly. "Empty it."

Fearful of what her bodyguard would do if she didn't produce more urine, Aveline let out a quiet grunt as she strained her bladder. One last hot gush squirted out of her, dripping through the soaked fabric of her pants.

"I'm done," Aveline squeaked, "that's all I have, please!"

Talia's gaze held for a moment, then she tossed her head back in laughter. Aveline shook her legs off in growing confusion. "I didn't think you'd actually piss in your pants!" Talia said between laughs. "You should have seen your face!"

Rage built up inside Aveline, and she cried out, "What's wrong with you? Why did you do that to me? Was this all just a sick joke?"

Talia was doubled over, still racked with laughter. "You should have seen your face! You looked like you had just seen a ghost!"

Tears welled up in Aveline's eyes. "I can't believe you would do that! I thought you were going to... That you were going to.." Her voice was choked out by tears of both anger and shame.

"Oh, stop," Talia said, "it was just a prank! I'm trying to make light of the situation."

Aveline whirled around in disgust, covering her face and heading back inside the shop. She slammed the door behind her, and openly sobbed. What kind of a sick sense of humor did her bodyguard have? To force her to pee in her pants- practically at sword point- and then laugh about it! She wiped tears from her heated cheeks, and unbuckled her belt, heading behind the counter. She retrieved fresh clothing from the dresser, leaving them on the counter, then pulled down her clammy pants. They were a mess. Her undergarments clung to her body, and she peeled them off as well.

As she wiped off her bare legs, she heard a knock at the door.

"Aveline?" Talia called in. "Come on, don't take it so hard."

"Go away!" Aveline sobbed back, pulling on her fresh clothing. She heard the door open, and the imposing figure of the Redguard woman stepped into the room. Genuine concern strained her face, causing Aveline to pause. She hadn't seen a look like this in her bodyguard's face before. A moment of silence passed.

"Look, I'm sorry," Talia said, stepping to the counter. Her dark eyes flickered in the candlelight. "I didn't think it would upset you so much."

Aveline wiped her eyes. "Don't ever do that to me again."

"Okay, I promise," Talia said. She gestured to the sodden pile of clothes on the floor. "I'll wash them for you."

Aveline said nothing, turning away. Talia tried again. "I don't mind the pay cut, really. I know it's going to be a tough winter. I'll help out as best I can." Aveline remained in silent shame. "Okay, fine," Talia moved to the center of the floor. "Fair is fair. I'll trade one humiliation for another. Watch."

Aveline looked up. 'What on earth does she mean,' she thought to herself, 'One humiliation for another-- oh, gods, she's-"

Before she could finish her thought, Aveline watched as Talia spread her legs and tensed her body. Almost instantly, an aggressive hissing noise filled the room. The front of Talia's work pants exploded with wetness as streams of hot piss coursed through them.

"Ahhh," Talia signed to herself, stretching her muscular arms upward, "see, no big deal! Just standing here pissing myself!"

Aveline shook her head in disbelief, but giggled in spite of herself. Talia returned her friend's laugh, and covered her mouth in mock embarrassment. "Oops! I'm peeing in my pants!" Aveline let out a laugh. Here was her bodyguard- a fearsome warrior and a physically imposing lady- wetting her pants in the middle of the shop! Talia was making quite the show of it, too. She shook her legs around, hot piss spilling in all directions. The two bellowed with laughter.

"Gods, that's a lot of pee!" Aveline giggled.

Talia shot her a devilish smile. She sighed once more as her stream died off. Placing her hand in the center of her crotch, she squeezed tightly, wringing the urine from her clothing. The two's laughter died down, and Aveline grabbed a mop and bucket.

"Here," she said, "I think you'll need this! You made quite the mess!"

Talia smirked. "There," she said, taking the mop, "now we're even." Aveline nodded. "But if you tell anyone about this, I'll gut you like a fish!"

The two erupted in laughter once more. Though the long winter was still ahead of them, Aveline knew that she had a friend that she could count on when the times were tough.

