Danny and the Christmas Miracle

Author: Jin

*000*2018-01-26 01:42

I'm a lurker, so this is my first post - apologies for any inaccuracies. I can't figure out how to tag, so here it is: Contains male desperation, female wetting and improbable sexual scenarios.

Danny glanced at the clock in the kitchen before packing the last of the Christmas drinks. Alice was still bustling around arranging the presents in the back seat of the car, and they were going to be late. It was his first Christmas with his girlfriend's family, and he wanted to make a good impression. Turning up late was not the way to do it.

He wrestled briefly with the zip on the cooler bag before tipping the ice cubes that didn't fit in the cooler, into the sink. The cold of the ice sent a small twinge to his bladder, and he checked the clock again before making for the toilet. He wasn't desperate, but in Christmas traffic, it was probably better to be safe.

“Are you coming Dan? We're going to miss the meet and greet!” came Alice's voice from outside, and Danny stopped in his tracks, half way across the lounge room. He turned from the bathroom with a shrug and grabbed the cooler and keys. It was only an hour's journey, and he could easily make it that far. Alice played it down, but he knew family was important to her, and she'd warned him in advance of the meet and greet. Her family didn't see each other often, so when they got together, it was a very 'huggy' affair at the beginning. He wanted her to be there on time so she didn't miss the emotional reunion. It was what Christmas was all about. Besides, he could always just use the toilet when he got there.

Dan hopped into the passenger seat as Alice playfully revved the engine. “Ready for the best Christmas ever?” she asked, and raised her eyebrow, giving the car another teasing rev. Danny grinned and cranked up the music. Deep bass and rock and roll burst forth from the speakers. Carols were overrated.

“Now I am,” he replied. Alice laughed, tossed her inky hair and the car lurched forward onto the road. Dan sat back and listened to the music. Sitting down made him remember his need for the toilet, but the music was distracting enough, and when he leaned back in the seat, he could barely feel it. Even if there was some traffic, he'd probably be fine.

The traffic was better than he'd anticipated, and they arrived in just over and hour. With the music turned down to a more respectable level, they pulled into the driveway. His need had grown from trifling to uncomfortable, but he'd made it without too much trouble. Still, he was glad to finally get out of the car. As soon as he stood up, gravity and the thought of his impending relief made his bladder send a pang to his penis. He gave it a quick squeeze through his pocket, and the pressure eased after a bit. He was definitely regretting slamming down that energy drink on the way, but relief was just through the door, and he'd need the energy before the night was through. Danny let out a tense breath. He heard Alice pop the trunk for the presents and quickly composed himself.

“Give me a hand with these would you?” she said, handing him the cooler bag in one arm, while hooking multiple gift bags over the other. He accepted them all with good grace and followed her inside. At the door she gave him a strange look. “You ok?” she asked. Oh shit. He thought. I must have been grimacing. “My family aren't that scary, you know. I'm the scariest one, and you love me, so you'll do fine.”

Dan pressed his lips together. “It's not that,” said, shifting restlessly. I just really need a piss. - He wanted to say, but suddenly the door opened, and Alice was pulled into the house by a hoard of loving arms. Danny was welcomed just as warmly, and as soon as he was relieved of his bundle of presents, he was swept up in hugs and handshakes and introductions.

“Danny!” his girlfriend's father gave him a firm handshake and a bottle of beer. “Good to see you finally made it down this way.” He gave an unofficial cheers and took a swig of the beer, motioning for Danny to do the same. “Drink up, Son,” he encouraged. “It's only Christmas once a year.” Danny grinned and took another deep drink, ignoring the ache in his belly.

“It's good to finally be here, Mr Carter,” he replied. “Can't have too many of these though,” he held up the beer. “I have to drive back tonight.” And they're making me want to piss a river right now..

“Cool it on the 'Mr Carter' there, Danny. You're making me sound old!” he joked. Danny laughed politely, the laughter pushing the piss downwards in sharp jolts. He swallowed a curse and clenched his ass muscles a few times, trying hard not to let anything show.

Alice had told him once that her parents were rockers from way back, but you wouldn't know it to look at them now. Now, they were the very picture of suburban living. “Better call me Joe, so my mind doesn't catch on that my body's aging.”

“I wouldn't say that, Joe,” he countered warily, and Joe guffawed.

“No,” he said. “I bet you wouldn't say it. The eyes can't lie to the brain, but thank god we have a filter between our mouths and our eyes, eh?” His face was crinkled with good humour. “Now let's introduce you to the rest of the gang, shall we?”

Danny's bladder sat heavily in his body – a constant pressure. He really needed to go. Preferably soon. “Actually, Joe...” he started to ask directions, but Joe was already dragging over an Aunt and her golden retriever. He took another absent-minded sip from the beer, and was surprised to find it half empty already.

“Now this is Aunt Betty,” Joe introduced the doughy woman, and she immediately swept him up in a crushing hug. Her rotund belly was pressing rather firmly into his bladder, and the beer in his stomach was sloshing around, but he hugged her back as hard as he dared. She made small talk with him for what seemed like eternity while he clenched his muscles and focussed all his attention on not shifting from foot to foot like a toddler. It was important to Alice that he make a good impression. She'd never say it, but a lot was riding on this. He knew it. And he wouldn't mess it up by talking distractedly or seeming like he wanted to escape, even though his body was yelling at him to escape as soon as possible. He could already feel the beer trickling down to join the rest of the liquid.

“And this is Rocket,” Betty introduced the dog, which proceeded to jump up and put it's paws on his legs, tail wagging excitedly. Danny had to bend down suddenly to catch Rocket before her paws could land anywhere more damaging, and the ache became a keen throb. Shit. This has gotten much worse than when I was sitting down. If he could have grabbed himself, he would have. All he could do was to press his thighs together as discreetly as he could, but his bladder felt tight now, like a balloon filled to capacity. Luckily, as he looked up, he saw Alice making her way over. He could find his escape and let out all the piss that was making his bladder push against his belt.

As Alice finished hugging her Aunt, Danny held his arms out for a hug as well. Alice gave him a 'you're ridiculous look', but hugged him all the same. As she went to pull away, he held her tight for a longer hug and whispered in her ear. “Where's the toilet? I'm just about bursting.” He felt her snicker against him and whispered “Up the stairs and to the right.” Danny sighed with relief and kissed her on the cheek. He pulled away, satisfied that Aunt Betty was content with catching up with her niece, and made his way to the stairs.

“Finished already?” Joe sneaked up on him and lifted the empty beer bottle from his hands. Danny was incredulous. Had he really finished that? When had that happened?

“Yeah,” Danny replied. “Guess I was thirsty.” God, what a lie! - he thought, but what else was he supposed to say?

“Well, we've got more where that came from!” he said. “But what am I saying? You have to drive home. Better be punch then!” Joe clapped him on the back and started leading him towards the punch bowl. Danny hung back as Joe poured him a tall glass of yellowish fruit punch. He bit back a hiss as the sound of liquid hitting liquid reached his ears. Joe turned and handed him the glass, cold against his hands. His bladder spasmed briefly and he clenched hard.

“Actually, Joe,” he said as casually as he could. “I think I'll just duck up to the bathroom before we head outside.” Joe gave him a distinctly apologetic look.

“Grandpa's just headed that way, himself.” Joe shrugged. Danny silently swore. Are you kidding? If you'd not interrupted me earlier I'd be peeing by now! I'd be emptying all the piss in my bladder into any available drain! His bladder gave a violent twitch in sympathy and he gritted his teeth against the wave of pain. “I swear the old hound only drops a bundle once a week, so he'll probably be a while,” Joe said cheerily. Danny paled, and shifted his weight as discreetly as he could. “Long trip up, eh?” Joe asked, sympathetically.

“Yeah,” Dan tried to shrug it off, but his bladder was now bulging against his loose suit pants in a way he'd never felt before. “I drank some 'wake me up' juice on the way over, so it's completely my fault.”

“Happens to the best of us,” he lamented. “I got caught out on a bus in Hong Kong once. Didn't know a word of Chinese other than 'thank you'. Three hours later and I was ready to pee in my hat if it'd get me out of trouble. Of course, over there, that'd more likely get you into trouble.”

Dan laughed weakly. He didn't need to hear his girlfriend's dad reminiscing right now. He needed to piss. Failing that, he needed to squeeze the life out of his cock for a just a moment of relief. But surrounded by these friendly and wholesome people, he could hardly do that. And his bladder was no longer moaning at him, but starting to quietly scream. If he could just loosen his belt a little without anyone noticing...

“Come on,” Joe said. “I need a hand with the barbecue. Might take your mind off it for a minute.”

Danny nodded. That actually sounded helpful. His belt was still digging in painfully, but walking helped a little, and being distracted might help a lot. Of course, lifting the barbecue out of the shed and onto the porch was much more painful than he anticipated. As he lifted the back end of the grill onto the deck, his belt dug in. He gasped as he felt a dribble of piss wet the front of his briefs. With a handful of barbecue, he couldn't hold himself, and he couldn't cross his legs in front of all these people, so he pressed his thighs together and trapped his penis between the deck and his legs.

It hurt, but it eased the pressure for the second it took to put the grill down. He stole a quick glance at his crotch to make sure the leak wasn't visible. It wasn't. But his bladder was. It bulged hideously underneath his belt, rock hard and slightly rounded in his usually flat stomach. Anyone who didn't know him might have thought he had a bit of a pudge in front. But even though he'd never seen it like this before, he knew it was his bladder, stretched achingly large over an ocean of piss. He barely suppressed a whine.

“I'm just going to go check on Grandpa,” he bit out, his smile brittle. Joe nodded, his face understanding as he must have realised how dire Danny's situation was.

Mercifully, no one stopped him on the way to the stairs. He managed them as quickly as he could while nursing what felt like a bowling ball in his pelvis. He could feel the pee pushing against his sphincter, burning in his penis from his earlier leak. As he reached the upstairs corridor, he looked around. The door to the toilet was still closed, but the corridor was clear. He gave in and grabbed his cock firmly through his pants, crossing his legs almost double. He let out few puffs as he tried to breathe through it, and felt the sweat bead on his forehead. He marched on the spot, rubbing his thighs together as he loosened his belt three whole notches. This was bad. If the old codger didn't get out of there soon, he might just piss himself.

He adjusted himself through his grey suit pants and was surprised to find himself at half mast. Seriously? Was he getting turned on? Was he getting hard over this, or was the pee so desperate to find more room it had started migrating south? His hand squeezed and released his cock as he urgently fidgeted. His bladder was so rock hard he couldn't even touch it. He thought it might burst. That energy drink was a mistake. The beer was definitely a mistake. And the few sips of punch he'd drunk to be polite was one mistake too many. They were all pooling down in his abdomen, bursting to get out. It pushed its way down his half hard cock and he felt a thin spurt escape, even as he clamped his hand down painfully with everything he had. He choked back a groan, and he felt his eyes start to tear up. A tiny wet spot appeared on the front of his grey trousers as he regained control.

At that point, he heard the bathroom door open, and a truly ancient man shuffled out, followed by a waft of foul air. There may have been more truth in that 'weekly poop' joke than he originally thought.

Before the old man could get a look at him twisted up like a pretzel, Danny quickly shifted so he was holding himself through his pockets. Never mind me. He thought. Just casually holding back Niagara Falls. Eventually the old man cleared the doorway, and Danny thought to rush by him. But as he moved, the geezer stopped him.

“Wouldn't go in there yet!” he said kindly. “I dropped a doozy. Toilet's all blocked up. Joe will fix her right up.”

No! Dan swallowed a whimper and gave a tight smile. “I'll have a look at her,” he said, in what he hoped was a reassuring tone. Though what he was going to do, he didn't know. The toilet was right there in front of him, and full to the brim with sewage water. He couldn't use it, and he couldn't let go of his cock long enough to unblock it. And he sure as hell didn't want Joe to see him squirming like a three year old.

Danny entered the bathroom and closed the door, the smell of faeces overpowering. At the sight of the toilet, his bladder contracted and he crossed his legs and felt his cock throb in his grip. But it was no use. He could feel the piss forcing its way down into his penis. He was going to wet himself, here in the home of his girlfriend's parents. Danny scrambled at his belt, panicking. The toilet was too full to use, but the sink might do. His cock let go another spurt as he made up his mind. He tore at the zipper of his pants and pulled out his penis, and with barely enough time to aim, exploded into the sink. A torrent of piss was forcing its way out of him, splashing against the sink with what he thought must be the force of a fire hose. He released a breathy groan and panted at the ecstasy of it. One second, two, three, four, five and it was still strong and painful.

And then there was a knock.

Danny swore and clamped down on his stream with everything he had. He desperately danced on the spot, and after a second of agonising clenching, he was able to stop the flow and tuck himself back in. It felt like being kicked in the guts. His penis was burning with the need to release again, having had one sweet taste of relief. But the pressure in his bladder had slackened a bit, and he was able to quickly do up his fly and belt and spray the sink with a bit of water before he waddled to the door. He opened it a crack to see Joe with a rueful expression.

“I heard Grandpa made a mess,” he sighed.

“Enter at your own peril,” Danny managed a small joke. “Thought I'd close the door to limit the damage.” He sure as hell hoped that Joe bought that lie, and didn't question the back-splash on the mirror behind the sink. His bladder was still fluttering and straining. Five seconds of relief hadn't been anywhere near enough.

“You take your life into your own hands trying to unclog that toilet after he's been in it,” Joe said. “I'd better have a look.”

Dan smiled around his clenched jaw and nodded, holding the door open.

“I'll leave it to the experts then,” Danny said and walked out of the bathroom, his cock still pulsating fiercely, and the wet spot cooling rapidly against his glans. It was a strangely erotic feeling. If he wasn't in so much pain, he might even have enjoyed it.

Dan leaned against the railing of the stairs until Joe came out looking flustered.

“That was quick,” he said optimistically.

Joe shook his head. “It's a job for the plumber, that one,” he said. “I doubt we'll get one out today, so I guess Marge and I will be spending Christmas night elsewhere!”

Danny swallowed hard. Shit. “So that's the only toilet,” his only hope was rapidly dying. His bladder was refilling that tiny space he'd given it very quickly, and now that he'd tasted release, his holding power was reducing with each passing second.

“'Fraid so,” Joe confirmed. “Sorry, Buddy,” he said, and he did look apologetic. “I know you were hoping for a squirt. As it is, I think we'll have to change venues. We can hardly host a meal with champaign and punch and not have somewhere for the little ladies to tinkle.”

“What's that, Dad?” Alice poked her head up the stairs. She saw Danny and gave a little worried smile. “I was wondering if you'd gotten lost.”

“Danny was just helping me with the toilet,” Joe said smoothly. “Grandpa's gone and blocked it completely.”

“Oh no,” she said, looking a bit more concerned.

“I was just telling Danny we'll have to move venues. It's hardly fair to fill you all up with Christmas food and drink and offer you nowhere to empty it out again.”

Danny caught Alice looking pensive, a question in her eyes for him.

“What about our place? We're the closest, and we have an extra room if you wanted to stay the night,” she said after a beat. “You'll never get a plumber out on Christmas.”

Joe threw Danny a proud look. “She's a smart cookie, that one.”

Danny nodded. Maybe once they got on the road, he could stop at a gas station. The closest one he could find. That was, if he didn't piss all over himself in the mean time. “Should we get a head start so we can tidy a bit and childproof the living room?” he asked hopefully.

“Sounds like a plan,” Joe agreed. “You two hit the road, and we'll round up everyone and their dog and get them all moving.”

Danny could have kissed him. Still holding himself through his pocket, pretending he was looking for his keys, Alice and Danny descended the stairs. With barely a backwards glance, Danny walked out to the car and unlocked the doors. Alice trailed behind him, walking stiffly and briskly. He knew that walk. She either had to pee as well, or she was annoyed at him.

“Do you really hate my family that much?” she asked cautiously, half joking, half not. Danny paused before getting into the car, looking at her across the roof. Annoyed it was.

“What?” he asked, confused. He was struggling to keep his legs still, desperately trying to hold back the impending tide.

“You couldn't wait to get out of there,” she said. And it wasn't quite an accusation. But it wasn't quite a question either.

Danny bit his lip as another strong urge rocked through his body. He wanted to wet. He so badly just wanted to let it all go. He couldn't help it, he squirmed and bobbed and squeezed his penis tight until the urgency receded.

Alice's eyes widened in understanding. “Oh shit!” she said. “Didn't you go before?”

Danny scissored his legs as he shook his head. “Your Grandpa beat me to it, and blocked the toilet.”

“But that was,” she looked at her watch, “almost an hour ago.”

Dan groaned as his overstuffed bladder gave a vicious stab. “I've actually had to go since we left,” he confessed.

“Shit,” she said again. In half a second she seemed to have made up her mind. “Undo your belt and your zipper and get in. You can drive. The distraction might help.”

Danny followed her orders and whimpered when he sat down as his thighs pressed into his bulging bladder. Alice's eyes bugged at the sight. She reached out a gentle hand to stroke the bulge. His bladder quivered underneath her touch, and he cursed.

“Sorry,” she said, withdrawing her hand. “It's so huge. You poor thing!” Danny gave a grunt, and her eyes were drawn lower. He was still at half mast, but under her touch, his prick was beginning to have other ideas. Alice looked intrigued.

“That helps, actually,” he was surprised. The growing arousal was warring with his desperation. Alice looked inspired.

“I have an idea. Get driving,” she commended. Danny acquiesced.

It took half a second to start the car and get going. Gear changes were a special torture, driving his knee up into his throbbing bladder and separating his legs, making it harder to hold. His entire body was tense with the need to release, but he couldn't hold his dick and the steering wheel at the same time. Luckily, Alice seemed to have realised this, and had already leaned over to grip his hardening cock.

Five minutes passed this way, and the first gas station they passed was closed. And the second. And the third.

“Shit,” he cursed aloud. “I'm not going to make it. God! I gotta pee so bad!” Danny moaned. “Oh god, oh god, oh god no...it's coming. I can't stop it.” He could feel the piss forcing its way down his shaft, and Alice's hand stroked up to his glans to try and stop it. A spurt escaped, but a flare of arousal cut it off. Danny whined pitifully, trying his hardest to keep his eyes on the road. But there he was, almost wetting, with his girlfriend holding his aching cock in his hand, surrounded on the freeway by other families on their way to Christmas celebrations. All of them oblivious to what was happening just meters away. Alice stroked his stiff cock again, gaining a rhythm as she started to wank him off. His need to pee was intense, but it fuelled his arousal, and it wasn't long before he could feel another kind of pressure building. But if he came, he would definitely piss himself. He wouldn't be able to stop it. But fuck, he was close!

“Wait, wait,” he gasped, and her hand stilled for a brief moment. She looked up at him, her face calculating, but flushed. She was enjoying this.

“I've heard this helps,” she said. He wondered briefly where she'd heard it, but he wasn't in a state to analyse it. He save it for later.

“It does,” he panted. “But if you keep doing that, I'm going to cum. And then I won't be able to stop it.” With her hand stilled, the need to pee sky-rocketed, and he jiggled his legs together. Alice began stroking again, but slower. He let out a long whimper. He could feel the piss pressing hard against its prison, desperate to escape his ballooning bladder. But he could feel the cum stirring in the tightening of his balls. It was the best kind of pleasure with the worst kind of pain. He didn't know what to do with himself. Alice looked coy, still rubbing gently, skimming her hand over the sensitive head, and using the pee that escaped as a lubricant.

“So if you cum, you'll lose it, but if I stop,” she stopped for a second, and Danny's bladder spasmed and shot out a thin stream of pee. Alice started to stroke again. “You'll lose it.”

Danny kept his eyes on the road and panted through the sobs.

“Interesting,” she said.

“I'm glad you -ah!- think so,” his voice hitched as a stab from his bladder was coupled with a skilful twist of Alice's hand. His dick throbbed as a bead of pre-cum pushed its way out the tip. Fuck he was close. If she moved just a bit faster, he'd bust in two seconds flat.

“So I'll just have to keep touching you like this,” she sped up a fraction before slowing right down again. Danny moaned long and deep in his throat, his entire body taut and on the edge. “And you just have to remember that you're not allowed to cum yet.”

“Oh, there's a -” Alice called out as Danny drove past an open gas station. “Never mind,” she said in a strained voice. He didn't even notice. He was too lost. Too close. Piss and cum were warring in him and he was ready to burst. He'd been ready to burst for hours. Time and time again, Alice brought him to the edge of orgasm and led him back down again. His cock was painfully engorged, red and glistening with piss and pre-cum and all the while, his swollen bladder burned and pulsated and begged for release.

He couldn't have said how long it lasted, but when they pulled into their garage, he was honestly shocked. He turned off the engine to the car, and Alice pulled her hand back. Immediately he was on the verge of wetting again, and he took over, stroking himself lightly.

“Well,” Alice said a little breathlessly. She was blushing all the way down to her breasts. “We're here.”

Danny opened the door and gasped. He couldn't move. “Get me a bucket,” he rasped.

“A bucket?” she asked. “Why?”

Danny fought off the urge to stroke himself harder, faster, even though he could feel the cum begging to be released, pushing smalls white beads from the tip of his cock.

“If I move, I'll lose it all on the ground.”

Alice stood, her posture strangely tense, but after a second she was off like a shot. Half a minute felt like half an eternity as he teetered on the edge, but finally, Alice returned with a bucket.

Danny grabbed the lip of the bucket fast, and Alice smacked his had away from his cock and took its place. With a shy smile, she said “I want to do it.” And who was he to argue. With the bucket right in front of him, his piss pushed hard against his cock, and he could feel spurts making their way down the shaft, spraying agonisingly slow into the bucket. His rock-hard bladder constricted so hard it brought tears to his eyes, and Alice, finally sped up her hand. He could feel it building. The pressure was on the rise. He put a hand over his massive, taut bulge and massaged gently, sending shockwaves through his poor, tired bladder. His bladder screamed even as his cock erupted. One, two, three pumps and he was coming. Great white streaks mixed with piss splattered onto the side of the bucket. His vision went white and his hearing dimmed as he cried out in great heaving sobs, and he came, and he came, and he came.

Alice slowed her stroking and stopped, avoiding the sensitive head. His bladder tightened in agony, pee straining against his still pulsating cock, and a full minute passed where he could release no more than a thin stream of pee. It was pure torture. He almost cried. But eventually, the dam broke. The pee gradually increased in pressure until it was suddenly gushing out of him and hissing into the bucket, washing the cum from the sides. He heaved and panted and moaned as he finally let go of all the piss he'd been holding on to. His bladder was hurting, even as it deflated. But after almost three minutes of forceful urination, his stream finally slowed, and his bladder deflated. For the first time since the morning, he felt deliciously empty. The bucket held an astonishing amount of urine. He could scarcely believe that it had all been inside of him.

“Oh,” a small cry came from Alice, who had stood watching. Her jeans suddenly grew dark as pee trickled down her legs onto the basement floor. She stood and let it flow for a full minute until it puddled on the concrete floor around her feet. Danny looked at her in awe. He'd had no idea she'd been bursting too. But come to think of it, she had been holding herself a bit stiffly when they'd left. He'd just been too distracted to pay attention. But he was paying attention now. The way her jeans glistened and clung to her legs was entrancing, and she looked up at him through her black locks.

“I guess I needed to go too,” she said with a simple shrug. She was not embarrassed at all, but her face looked as though it was on fire.

Danny felt a little hot himself, watching her touch her wet clothes. “Perhaps we should go get cleaned up?” he suggested. “You look as though you could do with a shower.” He paused. “I probably need on too.” She licked her lips and looked at him through her lashes.

“We'd save time if we took one together,” she said coyly. “After all, we've got guests coming soon.”

Danny got out of the car and put down the bucket, his pants still hanging loosely around his hips. He leaned in and kissed her gently on the lips and started to help her out of her wet clothes.

“You're unwrapping me,” she said impishly. “Am I your present?” Danny kissed her again, more firmly.

“And past, and future.” He grinned as she blushed deeply. “I think I'm starting to believe in Christmas miracles.”

*005*2020-02-01 14:00

Thanks people!

I think he probably doesn't have a small bladder, but at least for this story, it's smaller than he'd like!

