Nadia's Nightmare

Author: Jimmy Olsen

*000*2018-10-10 06:45

A short original story that just popped into my head.

In the middle of the night, the quiet home was suddenly filled with the sounds of muffled cries and flailing limbs beneath covers. The cries turned into breathy gasps as Nadia bolted upright and threw off her covers. She wouldn't be falling back asleep anytime soon.

She was still panting nervously as she sat at the table, slowly drinking a glass of cold water and trying to calm down.

Her mother took a seat next to her.

"I had a nightmare," Nadia explained.

"I know. I heard you. Was it about the exams?"

"How'd you know?"

"All you've been doing lately is studying for them, and working on your papers. I'm sure they're on top of everything in your mind right now."

"Yeah," Nadia answered, and then started a sentence that trailed off. She was surprised by her mother's understanding, but her mind was mostly occupied by the dream. It played back to her over and over.

"I'm sure you'll do all right," her mother said gently. "You've been doing well this year, and I know you're putting in a lot of effort."

Nadia began to describe the nightmare, not really hearing her mother's words of encouragement. "I was giving my history presentation. You know, reading my final paper in front of the whole class. I was so scared.

"I felt something, like a tickly tingly little thing, but I didn't pay attention. I knew I had to read everything perfectly, and have my voice and body language just right.

"I kept feeling it, though, and I noticed people were laughing. My paper's not funny, you know, so they must've been laughing 'cause I was doing something wrong. They were laughing, my body was tingling, and I just had to stop what I was doing and look down.

"I was leaking. Nothing was stopping it, and everybody could see it. I can still see it in my head. I wanted to leave the room and clean up. I wanted to run away. I couldn't, though. I kept standing there looking like an idiot while pee ran down my legs and got all over the floor.

"I remembered I was supposed to use a toilet before class started, but I forgot, and that's why I was leaking. The teacher asked me why I didn't use the toilet, and I couldn't answer. I couldn't talk at all. He said I needed to leave, and not come back. I couldn't graduate 'til I completed toilet training."

"Don't worry about it," her mother said. "There's no such thing. Not since the old days."

"I know that. It was just a stupid dream. It was so real, though. I really truly believed my whole year was ruined 'cause I couldn't hold my pee inside. It was awful."

When Nadia's mother read her daughter's indicator, her tone shifted from compassionate to critical. "Maybe you wouldn't have dreams like that if you didn't drink so much before bed."

Nadia blushed and gave the indicator a brief glance. "I'll be good 'til morning."

Her mother gave her a stern look.

"Fine, I'll take care of it now," Nadia said reluctantly.

On the way to the bathroom, her mother called out to her. "Be sure you get full powder coverage. The new dispenser doesn't work as good as the manual one."

Nadia let out an annoyed huff. "I'm 18 years old. I know how to change my diaper."

*002*2018-10-12 04:48

{{On 10/10/2018 at 1:50 AM, Melificentfan said:

That was excellent

}}

Thanks! Ever since I was a little boy I've loved the concept of worlds without toilet training. I hope other writers get inspired by it.

*003*2018-11-12 08:32

I wrote another scene starring Nadia (who's apparently going through a rebellious phase).

When Lavinia came home she went straight to her daughter's room. The door was locked, so she sent a text.

"Can I come in?"

"Don't know. Could be a violation. Better check regulations."

"Don't get smart with me."

The door slid open, but neither said anything. Nadia lay on her bed playing with her pad and listening to her headphones. Lavinia stood in the doorway glaring at her.

"How was work?" the teenage girl asked sardonically after a little time had passed.

"I just talked to Sophia," Lavinia reported.

"How's Julia?"

"She's grounded."

"Too bad," Nadia said, still not expressing any emotion.

"I think you know why."

"Interesting story," Nadia said. This greatly annoyed Lavinia, as was intended.

"We are going to have a discussion whether you like it or not, young lady!"

"It was her idea," Nadia said as soon as she'd paused her music and made eye contact with her mother.

"She said it was yours."

Nadia's face finally showed a hint of an emotion, and it was anger. "That lying little..."

"No! It doesn't matter whose idea it was. Neither of you should've done it."

"Excuse me for trying something fun."

"It's not fun."

"Ever tried it?"

Lavinia blushed. "It's unhealthy, both physically and mentally."

Nadia rolled her eyes. "I already heard that in school."

"It seems like you need a reminder."

"This has been a very interesting conversation," said Nadia as she put her headphones back on and picked up her pad.

"This has to stop. Children try strange things. That's understandable, and more or less acceptable. But you're almost a grown woman. You can't have these kinds of behaviors."

"Why? You gonna report me?"

"No! I want to talk it over. If you have strange feelings, or feel inclined to do strange things, you need to tell me."

"Why? So you can send me to a psych?"

"Nadia!"

"You will."

"Maybe I will but only if I can't solve the problem by discussing it with you."

"I understand. You tell me what I should and shouldn't do, and, if I still disagree, I get dragged to a psych."

"I'm not going to keep arguing. Are you properly dressed?"

"What do you mean?"

"You know what I mean, young lady. Are you wearing a diaper?"

"Yeah."

"Prove it."

Nadia stood up, undid her pants, wiggled out of them, and kicked them across the room. She was indeed wearing a diaper.

"Good!" Lavinia said. "Now let me see it."

"You can see it from there," said Nadia, who had flopped back on the bed and gone back to reading her pad. She rolled over further when she noticed her mother trying to read the indicator on her diaper.

"When did you put this on?"

"I dunno. Probably lunch hour. Maybe a little before."

"You're still wearing it."

"Interesting observation."

"You know what I mean. Why haven't you changed?"

"Maybe I haven't had much to drink today. Maybe it absorbed it so good I'm still comfortable with this morning's diaper."

"Maybe? Is that true?"

Nadia didn't answer. She only sighed with annoyance.

"It doesn't look like it's absorbed anything," Lavinia said as she tried to read the indicator.

"Why don't you get your nose out of my butt? Don't you have better things to do?

"Nadia Vespasiana Ducenta, you will urinate in your diaper like a normal adult!"

"Don't have a breakdown. I'm totally healthy. I'd just rather not pee right now."

"You're not healthy. There's urine trapped in your bladder. It's probably swollen up with lots of it by now."

"So? Plenty of people hold it. It used to be everybody."

"It used to be, but not anymore. There are good reasons why toilets are defunct and toilet training is considered child abuse."

"It's not about any child. Me and Julia potty trained ourselves for our own reasons. Are you saying I abused myself?"

Lavinia stammered for a moment, then said, "I don't have to justify myself."

"And I don't have to wet myself," Nadia quipped.

"Is that so? Well you're not leaving this room until I see some yellow bars on that indicator."

"I don't care. Have fun guarding the door."

"That means you'll get nothing for dinner. Not unless you want something to drink, which I'll happily give you. In fact, I'm going to make you drink a glass of cranberry juice right now."

"Fine!" Nadia finally yelled. "If you're gonna be an evil torturer overlord I'll wet my diaper!"

The girl didn't move from her spot, and didn't want her face to register anything, but she couldn't conceal all of her feelings. Her face betrayed a look of relief as hissing liquid resounded inside her diaper and glowing symbols appeared on her waistband.

"There! Happy?" she said when she was finished. She pointed to the indicator, which reported that she'd just released an extremely large volume of urine for a girl her size.

"That's good," Lavinia said. "You can have your scheduled meal. But if I hear anything more about 'holding' or 'potty,' you are grounded!"

"Why do I have to get yelled at and not Marcus? He's the one who has pictures of girls in non-absorbent underwear."

"He has what?!?"

