Today's the Day

Author: James_

*000*2021-09-28 19:42

Quick Notes: This is my first story on here. I didn't intend for it to be so long, but I like the way it turned out so that's positive. Any feedback is greatly appreciated. I hope you all enjoy. 😁

Today is the day. The day she's finally going to do it.

Emma had made up her mind part way through her work week. She was going to be desperate in public. From that slow day at her office onward she had a difficult time focusing. Instead she was going through the logistics of how she was going to make it happen. At 25 years old and having felt an attraction to seeing other women desperate, it seemed cruel to deny herself of her desire any longer. Needing to pee was easy enough, Emma planned to drink a sizable glass of water before bed and would wake up feeling the need to go soon. Having the need for a bowel movement on cue was the thing that was occupying her thoughts. One of the websites she would frequent had people talking about inserting frozen peeled bananas to simulate the feeling of needing to go. She had played with herself anally from time to time so using bananas seemed simple enough (although using frozen ones sounded uncomfortable at best). Either way, she had a plan and Saturday morning couldn't come soon enough.

Emma's eyes snapped open on Saturday morning and she couldn't stop herself from smiling. It was here. As she went to sit up she felt the signals in her formidable bladder tell her to try to find a place to release. She was hoping it wouldn't feel quite so full because there was still preparation to be done before she walked out the door, but she was confident she could make it work. She walked into her closet and looked at the clothing she had carefully laid out the night before.

Emma wanted to be looked at while desperate and her choices reflected that. Instead of a bra, her F cup boobs would have pasties on them and no real support other than the tight fitting tunic-style shirt she wore over them. She had considered panties but after a bit of thought decided that she got more excitement out of having nothing between her plump ass and the shapely leggings she had ordered online. To play it safe though, she placed a camel-toe prevention pasty over her vagina to make sure nothing that could give her a UTI could get in.

Once dressed, she walked quickly to the kitchen and pulled a plate with 3 large, peeled, and halved bananas on it out of the freezer and walked it to the bedroom. Emma's heart started to quicken as she set down the plate and pulled out a bottle of lube from the night stand. Is she trying new things too quickly? Should she just try this at home first? No, she hadn't done all this planning just to back out now. She dropped her leggings around her ankles and bent herself over a pillow on the edge off her bed. This, off course put extra pressure on her bladder which sent a warning signal to her brain.

After some adjustments to lessen that strain, Emma took a banana half and very lightly lubed the tip of it. She wasn't sure if it would need much but knew if she put too much they would probably just try to slide right back out, so she opted for less. Freezing them first definitely made insertion a little uncomfortable, but the amount of pushing she had to do to slide it in past her tight ring probably would have just mushed up an unfrozen one. Once it was fully in, she took a second to see how it felt. The warmth of her rectum was already helping with the cold, but Emma realized that meant she might have issues putting in more if she waited too long. Biting her lip she began slipping halves up after the first one. Two. Three. Four. After the fourth she paused again. The pressure she was feeling was strong. The 2 large bananas worth of mass in her bowels already felt like they were starting to ask for release. Since she had only prepared that many halves because she was sure that any more would be too much, she decided she was satisfied with what she had and hurriedly pulled up her tight leggings.

As Emma walked into her garage to get into her SUV, her body started stressing to her just how badly she needed to go. Her bladder was begging for its morning release and her sphincter was already starting to feel the effects of what it was trying to hold back. As she climbed into the driver seat, she already felt a stirring in her vagina. The mixture of needing to pee, needing to poop, having (essentially) some quick anal play, and going into public desperate was turning her on like never before. She was almost shaking as she pulled out into the street and started on her way to the coffee shop about 20 minutes away.

As she made her way there, Emma started to think about the coffee shop that was a vital part of her plan. Not only was it a decent ways away from her small home, it also had to important characteristics. One, it was located just off the freeway that ran through her town. This meant that the two stall women's room was frequently in use. The second, is that because so many people tried to use it, there were signs everywhere stating that their restrooms were for paying customers only. Although there were signs like this other places, the staff there must be constantly pushed to enforce it because they always seem vigilant for people trying to break it. This meant that she wouldn't be able to relieve herself as soon as she got there.

Emma came to a stop at a red light almost exactly halfway to her destination. She looked over at the gas station on the corner, thinking about using their toilet to give herself the release her body longed for. She knew even if she wanted to chicken out, she wouldn't be able to there. That particular gas station had no public restrooms available. A sudden honk made Emma jump in her seat. A spasm shot through her bladder as her legs clamped together in response to stop herself from leaking. She looked up and realized that during her musings about using a toilet, the light had changed and she was holding up traffic. She blushed slightly and quickly accelerated, continuing on towards the coffee shop.

Pulling into the parking lot she parked in a spot as quickly as possible and walked towards the coffee shop as fast as her body would allow her to. Her bladder was throbbing at this point and wouldn't be able to take much more and her anus was aching from trying to stay clamped shut for so long. She walked in and immediately got in line behind three other people. The need to release was so strong that Emma couldn't stop herself from bouncing in place. As she did so her unrestrained breast bounced merrily along. She had already caught the eye of a couple of people trying to slyly look her over but now at least a few people were just outright watching.

It was an amazing feeling. A fresh wave of arousal jumped in with all of the other sensations vying for her attention. Two people had already ordered leaving just a 30-something year old woman who also seemed to be contending with needs of her own. While the woman was at the counter ordering, an audible fart could be heard followed by an immediate clenching of her buttocks. As she walked away from the counter she immediately walked towards the restrooms. Emma carefully walked up to the counter and ordered an extra large coffee and with trembling hands paid as fast as the transaction would allow. Turning to walk towards the restrooms she gave a quick look around. Most of the coffee shop patrons were looking at her and watching her predicament unfold. Her cheeks flushed deeply as she made her way to the incredible relief that awaited her.

Rushing as quickly as she could, Emma opened the bathroom door to find that only one of the two stalls were occupied, obviously by the woman from the line. Emma hobbled into the stall and started to pull her tights down and remove her lower pasty. The promise of relief was too much for her aching bladder which started to spurt out urine. She slammed herself down on the toilet and started to unleash an absolute torrent of urine. A moan escaped her lips as she started to feel the relief. Suddenly, the door of the restroom banged open and someone came in swearing about "the fucking bitch at the counter not letting people pee" and walking up to the stalls. This sudden interruption made Emma's bowels start to open up along with her bladder.

Although she had gotten some attention, she didn't want to be done with her adventure and tried to stop both from releasing. Her stream trickled to a stop and her anus struggled to shut. The woman in the neighboring stall grunted lightly as she obviously emptied her bowels. The sounds of some else's relief made Emma's bowels try again to do the same. Panicking, she plunged her middle finger into her own ass to push the faux bowel movement back up. Hearing the other woman defecating meant that the woman waiting started knocking on Emma's stall saying that the other woman would be too long. Emma quickly (as she could without losing control anyway) removed her finger, wiped, reapplied the pasty and excited the stall.

The woman who was waiting was Hispanic, early 20s, and attractive in her own right. Before Emma could say anything the woman pushed past to get into the stall. Trying to quickly slam shut the stall door and latch it, she failed at both as it bounced back open. Emma looked in as the woman got her jeans over her round ass and then groaned, "Oh, -- FUCK." The loud hissing was unmistakable as the woman started to pee herself while still standing. Emma watched enjoying the unexpected show until the woman turned and looked at her, glaring at Emma for seeing her embarrassment. Emma stuttered out an apology, washed her hands and left. Grabbing her coffee that was in danger of getting cold on the way out, she started to drink it as fast as she could. There was only about a third of it left by the time she reached her SUV. The release of some of her urine seemed to by her some time, but not much since she didn't release it all and her bladder seemed to be weakened but the hold she had endured.

As she started the drive back towards her house, it was Emma's bowels that were the thing taking her focus. Being so close to release and then being forced back up meant that her bowels were now screaming for release. Her anus was now in a state of constantly slowly being forced open by the banana-half closest to the entrance before being forced shut again. Each time it was harder to regain control. Eventually, she resorted to driving with one hand while having the other firmly placed on her ass. As she continued he desperate drive Emma started to revisit the accident she witnessed in the coffee shop in her mind. Another wave of arousal tingled through her body, even as she began to sweat with the effort of containing that which was demanding release. That was what she wanted. She wanted to lose some control with someone watching. As the gas station from before came into view Emma immediately form her plan.

Turning into the gas station and parking right near the entrance, Emma scrambled out of her vehicle and unashamedly holding her butt with both hands she walked in through the slider doors. The male cashier looked up before locking his eyes firmly on Emma’s breast, once again bouncing as she danced in the spot trying to hold it all in. “Do you have a bathroom?” Emma asked, already knowing the answer. “No,” he started to reply, forcing himself to look at Emma’s eyes and sounding genuinely apologetic, “we don’t have a restroom for customers.” Emma swore and spun around to go back out the door but then stopped and put her hands on her hips. Her knees locked against each other as she pushed her ass out slightly. The shortest lapse in effort was all her relief-seeking asshole needed to open up. She unintentionally gasped as the first half of banana escaped and tented out the seat of her leggings before nestling in between her quaking cheeks.

She looked up sheepishly at the cashier who had a look of shock, opening and closing his mouth repeatedly trying to find words. Emma started to take a step towards her SUV when another half of a banana started to force it’s way out. She thought she would have been able to regain control after the first one, but her body wanted more relief. This one emerged much more slowly as Emma struggled to force her opening shut. The further out the banana got the more it seemed like a lost cause, even though the bananas were starting to get mushy it was still firm enough to resist being clamped down on. 

Emma released a shuttering groan as she lost the battle. “We have an employee restroom you can...” the attendant started to say before Emma awkwardly, but quickly, waddled back to her vehicle to get in. As she sat down in the driver seat the contents of her pants mushed up against her. Sitting down was a strange feeling, but helped her regain a little control, for the moment at least. As she went to back out of the parking space she glanced at the cashier one more time and saw he was staring at her through the window, still trying to come to terms with what had happened so quickly. Emma’s face flushed a deep red as she pulled away.

Quickly downing the remainder of her coffee, Emma’s mind was racing. Someone had seen her have an accident. She legitimately lost control in front of someone. Keeping one hand on the wheel again Emma reached a hand inside the front of her leggings to tease her clit which was now starting to demand attention loud enough to be heard over her partially relieved bladder and bowels. However, her fingers instead met with the anti-cameltoe pasty still placed over her vagina. What seemed like a great idea at the time now just felt like a cruel joke played on herself. Emma fervently rubbed herself up and down on the pasty taking the muffled stimulation over none at all.

As Emma was nearing the 5 minute mark to being back home her need to use the bathroom had reached critical levels again. Her body had processed the coffee quickly and filled her bladder once more to the point of bursting. On top of that, having a mess in her leggings seemed to be signaling her body to just finish releasing her bowels and have that relief. Knowing she would be home soon Emma felt her needs even more intensely. If she started to pee the pasty would likely come off, which was tempting to do just so she could access her vagina. However, the mess slowly spreading in her pants was confirmation that it should stay on for the time being. Since that was the case anyway, Emma put all of her focus into keeping her bladder from leaking, which meant relaxing her ass once more.

Immediately, the remaining banana halves, now fairly mushy started to force their way into Emma’s already crowded pants. The sounds and physical sensations were telling her that she was pooping herself, fueling the demand for stimulation coming from her vagina. By the time Emma was pulling up to her home her ass was the only thing that felt like it finally could relax. Waiting for the garage door to open felt like an eternity. Once it was, Emma parked inside it and was biting her lip and gripping the steering wheel with all her might. She quickly pressed the button on the remote and got ready to get out once the garage door finished its agonizingly slow decent.

Finally, the door came to a stop. Emma scrambled out of the SUV and immediately dropped her leggings to her ankles. Once the mess was clear, she ripped off the pasty that had been denying her orgasm and started to play with her aching clit. The sudden stimulation made her tense in such a way that a single spurt released from her bladder, making her have to stop and hold herself as she clamped down on her urethra once more. Emma decided that she would play with herself on the toilet in the nearby bathroom, however she had to get there with her messy leggings still around her ankles. She tried to quickly get them off completely but couldn’t get them past her shoes. Frantically, she pulled them off and stepped out of her leggings.

Now in the house, Emma raced to the bathroom pinching and rubbing her clit all the way. As she reached the toilet, Emma all but slammed herself down down on it. Her mind was feeling numb after all her body had been through, her thoughts were filled with nothing besides her need to pee and her need to orgasm. As one hand continued to play with her clit, Emma put two fingers on her other hand inside herself. She continued to give herself all the stimulation she could, relishing the sensations.

After so long she could feel the orgasm start to well up inside herself. She withdrew the fingers from inside herself and slid back on the toilet seat angling herself carefully. As the stimulation of Emma’s clit drove her rapidly approaching orgasm closer, she used her other hand to start pushing hard against her bladder. The force was to much for her beleaguered bladder and urethra. As her body started to awash in the waves of orgasmic release it also felt the pure pleasure of being able to pee without restraint, finally. It took a good minute for all of the feelings of euphoria to subside, followed by Emma slumping back against the toilet.

She was going to need to do this again.

