The Show Must Gp On...

Author: Jailor Eckman

*000*2024-10-12 02:36

Here's the story behind this image --- it was way too long to comfortably squeeze into the image's description, of course:

$iframe allowfullscreen="" class="ipsEmbed_finishedLoading" data-embedauthorid="143106" data-embedcontent="" data-embedid="embed8823058827" src="https://www.omorashi.org/applications/core/interface/index.html" style="overflow: hidden; height: 798px; max-width: 502px;" data-embed-src="https://www.omorashi.org/gallery/image/106167-the-show-must-go-on/?do=embed" I went pretty hard on this one, since it's focused on one of my major characters... I was also pretty mean... >X]

( Story time! )

“You’ll do fine, Lexi-bee,” Courtney said as she twisted a lock of Alexis’ hair between her fingers. The two girls were packed into Alexis’ tiny dorm room bed and wrapped snugly together in her duvet. The blue light of dawn sketched a polygon onto the wall and floor, but mercifully did not yet encroach upon their bedsheets.

“I know my lines… I’m just… nervous.” Alexis hadn’t slept at all the night prior.

Her mind had been a buzz of thoughts. Anxious replays of her rehearsals had consumed her closed-eye imagination, and when she could not sleep, she simply stared at the bar of yellow light at the foot of her room’s door. When she caught herself after staring for many minutes at a time, she’d close her eyes once more and again be thrust into the images of Greek architecture, a creaky wooden stage, and flat props held upright by crude stands of cheap lumber.

At one point, she’d even gotten up and twisted the knob atop her desk lamp so that she could re-read through the earlier portion of the script. It had been a long time since she’d practiced that part — what if she’d forgotten something?... The light had awakened her girlfriend, and hence they both ended up squeezed into the same bed.

By nearly five in the morning, Alexis had finally settled into some semblance of serenity, aided by the gentle, wave-like hiss of Courtney’s unconscious breathing. Each exhaled puff bristled Alexis’ hair and tickled her neck. But dwelling on the thought of exactly who laid against her only made her heart flutter with a trickle of adrenaline.

“And that is why I’ll be there the entire time.” Courtney untangled herself from the bedsheets and stood to stretch before snatching her hair-tie off of the night-stand and pulling her long, dark hair back into her usual ponytail.

Alexis kept her eyes on Courtney, especially as she bent over to tug each of her thigh-highs up her legs. The scant, curved fabric that comprised Courtney’s panties drove Alexis mad… And that was precisely why Courtney saved putting on her skirt for last. Before long, the dorm room smelled strongly of coffee as the machine on the window sill burbled away courtesy of Courtney, who seemed keen to allow her girlfriend to remain in bed for as long as possible.

“Alright. Sit up, girl,” Courtney said as she carefully delivered a steaming mug to the sleepless redhead. “Made with love.” She smiled but no matter what, Courtney always looked the slightest bit mischievous.

~~

Alexis’ knees bounced as she sat squeezing the arm of the dressing room chair with her left hand and her phone with her right. She’d be going out on stage any minute now. In fact, the play was supposed to start almost ten minutes ago, but a short delay had been announced. And Alexis had been texting Courtney with nearly immediate replies all day — until, suddenly, it was just “radio silence” for the past two hours.

Admittedly, this was not uncommon for Courtney to do… But today of all days?! Today was the biggest day in Alexis’ entire college career — and probably one of the most important for her in terms of starting her actual career! She was the lead role in an absolutely massive play hosted in Nitefield State University’s own convocation center. It was open to the public. And judging by the rumble of voices she could hear even from way back in this room, all of the viable seats must have been full! Indeed, even the writer of the play was scheduled to attend — an old NSU alumn. Who would’ve figured a new Greek epic could be this popular?!

To say Alexis was anxious would be an understatement. Granted, she publicly wore this emotion deceptively well; Courtney was the only person who even knew how terrified Alexis truly was. To everyone else, she was the confident-looking Grecian heroine who’d had her likeness displayed prominently in front of her fellow cast members on posters all over campus for the past two months. For the entire semester, she had exuded confidence that bordered on arrogance to the head of the theater department — the person who would serve as the director of the play.

Yet, here she was on the verge of a panic attack as the doorknob to the dressing room twisted open. It was followed by the light rustling of a plastic shopping bag and the swinging of the same black ponytail from early that morning.

“Th-thank FUCK!” Alexis exclaimed. “I-I’m at my limit, Courtney — and I’ve gotta go out on stage like, right now!” Alexis’ thighs crossed over each other tightly and she clicked the button on the side of her phone to cause the last three panicked text messages she’d sent to Courtney to disappear. This betrayed the other reason Alexis was so frantically waiting for some word from her beloved… She needed to pee. Badly. Very badly.

“I know, I know.” Courtney reached into the shopping bag and retrieved a small bottle of water and a blister pack containing two caffeine pills. She popped open the latter and handed them to Alexis, who immediately put them in her mouth and took a swig of water.

“Oh my God, you’re saving my life, babe,” Alexis said as she twisted the cap back onto the water bottle.

“Ah!” Courtney grabbed Alexis’ hand. “All of it.”

Alexis’ face flushed. “Y-you’re gonna let me pee before I go out there, right?!” Her heart thudded hard in her chest and sparks flickered at the sides of her vision. She knew that Courtney liked to push things. That was Alexis’ favorite thing in the world… To be so utterly controlled by the most beautiful girl she’d ever seen. To be brought right up to the edge of what she thought she could tolerate. Then just an inch further. And to be rewarded in a million tiny ways, from the spice of love life to the small things like a coffee perfectly sweetened… But right now? Surely they would put aside their little fetish “game” for this one, very important night.

“Hmmm…” Courtney’s red eyes scanned across Alexis’ face. It was as if she was re-reading a paragraph after accidentally skipping a line.

Deep under the thudding of her anxious heart, crawling like a lizard hidden amid the boulders and darkness of the most obscure reaches of her spirit… Alexis hoped that Courtney would say ‘No.’

“I always thought you acted better under a little… pressure,” Courtney teased as she pulled Alexis’ head against hers. “I don’t remember peeing being a part of your script, Theone,” Courtney whispered.

Alexis didn’t respond as she felt her heart flip.

Courtney backed away and giggled. “I just wanted to see that adorable face you make!” She smiled and then planted a quick kiss on Alexis’ lips. “Suck that bottle down, and go piss before you get out there. I’ll be in the audience rooting for you while you’re up there, and I’ll be back here helping you when the sets change!”

That water bottle was gone the second Courtney commanded it. Frankly, Alexis didn’t mind having something to help keep her throat wet before it came time for her to deliver her lines.

“Good girl. Now come on, we’ve gotta be quick!” Courtney tugged her girlfriend out of her seat and the dressing room. When they hit the perpendicular hallway — the left leading to the audience seating, and the right leading to the stage (and a pair of one-person bathrooms for the actors and actresses) — Courtney pulled Alexis into a tight hug. “You are going to absolutely destroy this for me, aren’t you?”

“Y-yeah!” Alexis said. “Yes, ma’am!”

“Don’t disappoint me!” Courtney joked. She smiled and then started her own jog out to the seats.

Alexis noticed how cold it was in her character’s skimpy, linen tunic after the warmth of Courtney’s hug faded. She felt nearly naked, as if she was in a hospital gown. And it did not help her immense need to pee. But with her mistress’ blessing, she rushed for the bathroom door as quickly as she could move in her sandals. The sight of the door and the permission was almost as relieving as actually pissing; or at least, the rare mercy Courtney had given her in this instance had managed to melt almost all of her anxiety away.

Until the doorknob didn’t turn.

“What the fuck?!” Alexis grabbed the old brass knob with both of her hands and tried to really force the thing to turn, figuring that it must have just been stuck because it was old or something. There wasn’t a sign on the door, after all! “Hello?! Is someone in there?” She shouted into the door. No response. And no light spilled out from underneath. “F-fuck, NO!”

Alexis’ hands patted at her thighs as she danced in place, trying to think. The panic was back. As soon as she turned around, she threw hands onto the doorknob for the men’s room on the other side of the narrow hallway. She needed to let out the half-day’s worth of boiling piss Courtney had forced her to hold!

“FUCK!” Alexis shouted. Tears welled-up in her eyes as she again tried to force the doorknob uselessly. “Who the fuck locks the fucking bathrooms right before a huge show?!” After letting go of the knob, she started kicking the men’s room door.

Wham! Wham! Wham! It wasn’t going to open. And Alexis was crying.

~~

Theone was a stage play written as a hybrid of an epic poem and a more traditional, scripted production. This was not an entirely novel concept, but it nevertheless demanded a fairly dynamic and well-choreographed effort on the part of the actors and the metaphysical “narrator”. This would manifest first as a long stretch of exposition delivered by an actor dressed to appear as a typical homeric bard.

Then, once the narration was complete — or, indeed, in the case of a planned interruption during certain scenes — the stage would go from a darkened pit behind the spotlight-lit speaker to a fully-lit scene filled with cardboard props and the required actors and actresses.

Of course, the shift in the audience’s attention would allow the narrator to step behind the stage while the carefully-crafted lines of the characters helped ease the transition. Then, upon the ending of a scene, this would be carried out in reverse — the actors and actresses would freeze, the stage would go dark save for the spotlight, and all of the props would be replaced under the cover of darkness.

As a story, Theone focused on the journey of its titular protagonist to the peak of Mount Olympus. Theone, herself, was a young priestess of Zeus from the town of Olympia. She was tasked with appealing directly to the deity for assistance after word of an imminent invasion by unnamed eastern forces reached the town. She had merely seven days to complete this incredibly arduous journey and return — lest her town surrender to its invaders.

Alexis took up her place beside the “stone altar” near the back of the scene. She’d cleared her eyes of her tears and forced her face into a stoney expression more befitting of her character. There was a slightly soothing effect to the darkness on stage as she “froze” beside the altar and looked toward the actor she would converse with once the lights flicked on. She did not look out toward the audience— her peripheral vision was enough to set her confidence ablaze.

Once all characters were in place, and the audience had quieted themselves, the narrator spoke. He started with his invocation of the muses.

All of the actors and actresses remained motionless in the darkness as this proceeded, including Alexis — who breathed carefully through her nose as she rehearsed her first few lines and considered how best to deliver them. But she could not pull her mind off of her immense discomfort for long enough to make this an effective coping mechanism against the pronounced stress of her predicament.

Here she was, in front of the eyes of thousands — Nitefield State University students, the general public, and several notable figures in the industry she hoped to one day be a part of… And rather than feeling reasonably “prepared” to perform for all of these people, she instead worried that her intense desire to urinate would render her a stiff and stuttering mess. This was a disaster.

Light exploded from above in an instant, and all of the characters immediately sprung to life.

Fuck! Alexis hadn’t been paying attention, and the sudden explosion of activity startled her. Nevertheless, it was showtime.

~~

Outwardly, the audience would witness the impassioned red-head called Theone argue to set off onto the long journey to Mount Olympus. Her movements were filled with the confidence of a heroine, albeit one that was slightly more brash. Indeed, her lines demanded that she convince the officials of her town that she could do the seemingly impossible and return with the help of a god.

“Mere priest girl, know you nothing of how your tongue condemns you?!” Attikos balked with incredulity, as he bore upturned palms and swiveled on his heels to look at the members of Olympia’s meager militia.

“You deign to consider me? Yet your own suggestion is to submit our families to suffering? That you, shield-bearers of Olympia and her people, would lie on your backs as overturned turtles and welcome the feasting of sea hawks?” Theone approached Attikos in an indignant gait and thrust a finger into his face. Her pink eyes burned with fury “...That you would allow a temple of Zeus to be razed?” This line she delivered quietly — loudly enough for the audience to hear, but carefully enough to truly spell the grave implications of such a dereliction of duty. “And all without even daring to allow his priestess the faintest chance to make an appeal?” She stepped back from him. Her knees shook slightly with a bottled-up disgust and fury. “Swallow your pride. Place your confidence in me. And I will return in seven days’ time with a god.”

~~

The few fleeting moments in darkness between scene-changes proved to be Alexis’ only moments of respite. Even then, they barely offered her much relief; the darkness behind the narrator was still bright enough for her to be visible to the audience. Though she so desperately wanted to squeeze her crotch and twist her legs around each-other, it just wasn’t possible without her being seen. And nothing would betray her genuine depiction of Theone quite like a frantic pee-pee dance every time the stage went dark.

After several scenes into the play, her situation had become particularly dire. By now, her bladder felt like an over-inflated soccer ball, and each of her choreographed movements might as well have been a torturous kick to it. She was sweating profusely even on the cold stage — to the point that even that was becoming a self-conscious concern. Was her sweat enough to make this dinky tunic become transparent? Surely one of the other stage workers would do something if that was the case.

It took her a while to spy Courtney in the audience. Alexis locked eyes with her dear girlfriend. She tried to will a telepathic “HELP ME!” to her, but she couldn’t tell over the distance if Courtney had determined that something was wrong. Unfortunately, Courtney must not have realized how quickly these scene transitions would be nor that there would be a narrator during them. Worse still, because Alexis was literally the main character, she was slated to appear in every last scene. So the opportunity for Courtney to pop back behind the stage and talk with Alexis simply didn’t exist.

~~

At the foot of Mount Olympus, a ragged and exhausted Theone collapsed and considered defeat. Six days into her journey, there would be no time for her return home.

“M-my people,” Theone wheezed through fatigued gasps for air. “I have… Failed them.”

The priestess turned toward the mural of the mountain and looked up to the cloud cover of heaven.

“And…” Theone squeezed her eyes shut and balled her hands into fists on the stage. She cried in a frustrated lament. “Zeus. I have failed you!” The sound of thunder rumbled from above, and the stage was cast again in darkness.

“Though so far she had come,” the narrator spoke from the spotlight, “Theone could only look at the challenging ascent before her and weep.” The narrator then stepped back into the darkened set and knelt in his robes at the head of the “frozen” Theone. “O’ dear Theone… So many miles have you trekked… And lesser gods have you outwitted.” He placed a hand in her hair and looked out to the audience. “Though Hermes taunted you with speed and flight that you could never achieve, and Apollo hid away from you the moon on every night…” He gazed at his own sandals in despair. “Perhaps it was Hera, goddess of women such as yourself — scorned such that she might rebel against her husband for his infidelity — who has doomed you.”

He stood up and returned to the spotlight. After a moment of silence. He looked up to the audience, as if he had just realized something. “Or…” The single spotlight slowly went dark. And after the entire stage was cast in shadow, the curtains were finally drawn.

“Thank you everyone for being such a fantastic audience! We hope that you are enjoying the show! At this time, we will be calling a fifteen-minute intermission!” A woman’s voice boomed over speakers above the colosseum’s seating. The room’s lighting then slowly brightened. “Please be mindful as you exit the colosseum, and we look forward to seeing you back as we conclude the story of Theone!”

~~

Alexis wanted to spring up from the wooden stage as soon as the curtains closed, but she had to slowly lift herself to her feet. Now, fully concealed from the audience, she buried her hands in her crotch and carefully stepped off the side of the stage, back into the make-shift prop area behind the mural.

“Damn, Alexis — you’re killing it out there!” Ken, the actor playing Hermes said as she passed by. He offered a high-five.

“Can’t talk— Gotta pee real fuckin’ bad!” Alexis said through clenched teeth as she walked by without even looking at him.

“Oh…”

Alexis struggled to descend into the field-side entryway that led back into the hallway where the dressing rooms were. More importantly, it was where the bathrooms were. And dear fuck, did they need to be unlocked now… The fact that the hallway had remained as half-lit as it had been before the start of the play over an hour ago did not inspire confidence.

“B-babe!” Courtney jogged into the hallway from the opposite direction.

Alexis shivered upon hearing Courtney’s voice. But her biology, as it currently contended with a heavy and rock-hard bowling ball of piss, did not permit her the patience to respond beyond a weak “H-hey.” Her hands flew to the ladies’ room door knob and she began to twist it once again. But it was still locked. “Y-you can’t be serious?!” Alexis began a full-on panicked pee-dance, hopping from foot-to-foot and squeezing her crotch. “I’m fucked! I’m so fucked!” She sobbed as Courtney got closer.

“W-wait — was that locked before the show?!” Courtney tried twisting the door knob herself.

“C-courtney!!!” Alexis whined between sobs. “I-I can’t do it! I’m gonna pee on stage!”

“Oh, fuck! Fuck!… I didn’t want this to happen, Lexi!”

“Hnnnn!!” Alexis bent forward at the hip as she tried to apply more pressure to her crotch. “I swear, my pee-hole is stinging right now, babe! It’s gonna come out!”

“Ok, ok — we just have to think of something… What about the regular bathrooms upstairs?”

“Women’s bathrooms during an intermission? The Lines are insane — I won’t even get to go by the time it’s over!” Through her tears, Alexis noticed another figure approaching from behind Courtney. It was Lucas — who’d been playing the narrator.

“O-oh!” he said before he passed the two girls. “Yeah, they always lock these things before events. I think it’s ‘cause they don’t want people trying to come down here during the intermission.” He shrugged, pulling the fake beard off of his face. “It was not a fun surprise the first time… I even had to use a bottle back in one of the dressing rooms!” He chuckled a little.

“You are not helping, asshole!” Alexis shouted through her tears.

“W-wait! I have an idea.” Courtney pulled out her phone and began typing in a phone number.

“Y-yeah, sorry… Anyway, you’ve got like ten more minutes, so good luck!” With that, Lucas continued down the hallway.

“Mom?!” Courtney shouted into her phone. “I need you, like, right now! You’ve got master keys for the colosseum, right?!”

A warm wave of optimism washed over Alexis, though it was quickly erased by another wave of intense desperation.

“We need to get the bathroom unlocked down here!— No, not me, Mom — Alexis!” Courtney paced in a circle as she held the phone to her ear. “NOW! She’s got to be back on stage in less than ten minutes!”

Alexis closed her eyes, squeezed her thighs together, and leaned with her butt against the painted cinder block wall outside the ladies’ room. At least Courtney’s mom had shown up to this thing — perhaps out of obligation as the cheerleading coach of the university. Alexis’ parents couldn’t have been bothered to show up for the play.

“You don’t understand Mom!...” Courtney shot a side-eyed glance toward Alexis and paused. “This is on me…” She barely murmured this and her face flushed red. “I said ‘this is on me!’... B-because I made her hold it all day! Yes. Again. Ok, fine then!— Just get over here with the key!” She sighed and rolled her eyes. “Alright, then! L-love ya. Bye.” She put away her phone and wrapped her arms around Alexis. “She’s coming, babe. Like five more minutes. Just hang in there.”

“H-h-hoooohh…” Alexis breathed out with a puff and shivered. Holding in this much pee required constant attention and effort. She wasn’t unfamiliar with this level of desperation…

Alexis craved Courtney. She needed her from the very first time she’d seen her in highschool. Alexis always played the part of “bad bitch” — and bully. Always tough while forcing things to go her way. Courtney had a more bratty and “spoiled” approach. To be frank, it was kind-of girly to Alexis — the way that Courtney acted. But Courtney’s specific “brand” of girliness was perfect.

Because Alexis, in spite of her constant “tough girl” demeanor, wanted to feel what it would be like to be completely at the mercy of this perfectly “prissy” goddess. It had to be humiliating. It had to be completely unpredictable. And it had to be completely unfair!

Courtney the spoiled bitch decided that Alexis wouldn’t get to pee more than once earlier today drinking just as much as usual? Too bad. Bottle-up, buttercup. Alexis was her plaything, and Courtney didn’t take the best care of her things…

Except, that wasn’t always true.

“Where the hell is she?” Courtney asked while checking the time on her phone. She looked genuinely worried. “I’m sorry Alexis. I am so sorry…”

Alexis just quietly kept puffing out choppy exhalations like a woman in labor. Her bladder had already released a couple extremely short dribbles of scalding urine into her panties. Her pee was starting to force its own way out of her body regardless of whatever meager protest her pathetic muscles could provide.

“Mom!!!” Courtney once again held the phone to her ear. “WHERE ARE YOU?!”

“Alexis!” This was the voice of the head of the theater department. She clicked down the hallway in heels. “Come on — we’re back on now; everyone’s just waiting on you!”

“B-but… Mrs. Wilson.” Alexis twisted like a worm as the woman approached. “I really need to use the bathroom!”

“Oh my fuck, Mom…” Courtney said and then hung up. “M-Mrs. Wilson, they locked the bathrooms, and she’s, like, dying to pee!”

“Shoot. Uh…” The woman looked at the ladies’ room door and bit her lip. “That is… really unfortunate.”

“Come on, you’ve gotta have a key!” Courtney said with a huff of exasperation.

“Well, yeah. I’m the one who locked them. But—”

“P-please…” Alexis whimpered.

“But… I left the faculty keychain out in my car.”

“O-oh my God…” Alexis’ head dropped.

“Look, I don’t know what to say — I’m really sorry, ladies… But I can’t keep over nine-thousand paying audience members waiting while I run all the way out to my car!”

“I can’t hold it…” Alexis murmured under her breath.

“Come on, Alexis— You’re a 23 year-old adult.” Mrs. Wilson sighed. “I know it’s uncomfortable, but sometimes you’ve just gotta hold it!” It was clear by her rapidly fading “cordial” voice that the woman was getting impatient. “I’ll call someone to come unlock these and you can use it right after the show!”

“Oh my God, do you not understand what an emergency is?!” Courtney had already lost her patience.

“Yes, I do. And sometimes you still don’t get to pee. Sucks.” The woman snapped back at Courtney. She turned to Alexis. “Look, I can’t stop the show. If you don’t come out, we’re going to have a really big problem on our hands. Kay?”

“O-oh… F-fuck.” Alexis pushed off from the wall with her butt. She bobbed in place and continuously shifted from foot to foot. Her hands were still buried in her crotch. The motion teased another squirt of piss out of her bladder.

“Ok, now you’re just being obstinate, Alexis.” Mrs. Wilson held a hand to her face. “Quit pee-dancing like a little girl, and come on.”

“I-I’m coming!” Alexis cried.

“Alexis! You can’t—” Courtney could only watch as Alexis struggled her way down the hallway with a fed-up Mrs. Wilson in tow.

~~

The curtains slid away into darkness, again revealing the cast-in-shadow foot of Mount Olympus. Theone laid upon the floor, apparently asleep yet “frozen”. Nevertheless, her legs wobbled slightly — no doubt in defiance of Hera’s curse.

“Or,” said the spot-lit narrator, “she could tear her fate from the fingers of a goddess… And save her people from sure destruction!”

The spotlight faded, leaving the entire stage in darkness.

“N-NO!” Theone cried into the shadows. All at once, the stage exploded once more into light. Theone lifted herself to her knees on quivering arms. “S-so long as I yet live…” She stammered. “I, as Ph-pheidippides…” She stomped a sandaled foot onto the stage in front of her — taking the pose of one soon to be knighted, “shall complete my journey!” She rose and stood with a pained expression. “And will rest only at the feet of a god! Should it leave me dead, so be it!”

Contrary to their instructions, some in the audience applauded her act of willpower.

“Hear me, Z-zeus!” Theone cried to the heavens — turned away from the crowd. “I am your devoted p-priestess! And I will climb to your throne.” She stomped in place, her short tunic fluttering about her thighs. “And neither man nor Olympian shall stop me!”

~~

Agony. Misery. Terror. Alexis shivered between scenes as the narrator rambled on. Time dragged slowly forward as the thespian meter proved too sluggish to push the story forward at a pace that would bring her any comfort.

That stomp had teased yet another squirt of urine from between her legs — a full second of release. Had she not been covered in makeup, she was certain that the audience would have seen how pale she’d become. Indeed, a hot rivulet slithered down her inner thigh and must have made it far enough to be visible. Fortunately, the cover of darkness on stage likely concealed it.

The final pose of that scene was meant to be a heroic, wide stance. But she instead clamped her legs together and stood stiff. She held her arms out to salvage the intended “confidence”, but whether or not this worked fell to the audience.

Alexis found herself drifting out of her own head — carried away like a dry leaf on a river… A river of hot, frothy piss! She felt as though she was struggling to “pilot” the ‘body of Alexis’ through the remainder of the play — all while more and more subsystems failed to respond.

The first of her abilities to fail was that of maintaining stillness between scenes. Undoubtedly, Theone was far more lively during the “frozen” moments than she should have been. But Alexis couldn’t help it. She commanded her legs not to quiver, but the insidious pressure caused her knees to knock together anyway.

The second was the clarity of her speech — now plagued by an indomitable yet mercifully infrequent stutter. This one confused her until she realized that her body was trying to cry. She could suppress the tears, but beyond that, she was fighting too many fires at once.

Alexis knew her limits. This was the point at which she would explode — if she’d been locked in her and Courtney’s shared dorm room. Even her desire to please her mistress fell short in the face of this degree of torture. There wasn’t even a button to pop or a belt to loosen, as those would have been done away with long ago to keep her holding. Her bladder ached as it stretched and strained.

Yet, this was not her dorm room. This was not for the eyes of only her beloved Courtney. Her struggle took place in front of many thousands of people — and they likely had no idea how internally depleting it was for her. She wanted to pee-dance. She wanted to ball-up on stage. She wanted to… let go… Oh how good that would feel…

They’d even let Dakota dance her frantic jig! And, wow could that girl hold it in…

That the following three scenes required her character to literally climb — or at least maintain a climbing position on a reinforced prop as she was taunted by yet more gods — brought Alexis to the point of nausea. Her vision seized into a tight tunnel of static and her ears rang. This was truly Hell.

~~

At long last, Theone arrived at the peak of Olympus. By this point, she was a shattered mortal. Ruined by exhaustion, she’d spent the last night on the rocky and snowy slopes of Olympus. Her arms shook, and her stance was bent-forward as she gasped and wheezed. It was the final day allotted for her journey. Barring a miracle, she would not make it home. But she would yet appeal to Zeus, beg for his mercy, and plead for him to appear in defense of his people.

Stumbling forward, Theone collapsed to the stage in a bow of complete submission. To the left of her stood Zeus — king of the gods. For a moment there was silence, but the god’s expression was one of confusion. Indeed, there was even a curl of irritation to his brow. After a moment, he stepped forward.

“M-my most gracious lord, Zeus…” Theone cried. Her hands were clasped in prayer and her face was buried between her upper arms beneath a ball of frazzled red hair. “R-rightful king of all the gods — Zeus! I am Th-theone, d-daughter of Am—”

“I know who thou art, mortal!” Zeus boomed. His robes fluttered and a crack of thunder shook the stage. “Thou art my priestess from Olympia. It was to me, however, a mystery that I did hear thy voice stray ever closer! Why, mortal — why darest thou enter my kingdom and demand my audience?”

“O-oh Zeus! O’ g-great, most magnificent Zeus — king of all gods and true ruler of the skies above!” Theone sobbed into her arms. She squeezed her knees tightly together beneath her chest and attempted to further deepen her bow. “I a-apologize so thoroughly for dragging my mortal carcass into your divine presence! Th-there is not a thing in existence that would p-possess me to demand your ear!” Her words barely escaped between terrified cries. After a moment, she began speaking again, more quietly. “Sh-should you see it fit to cast me off your mountain, that I might shatter on the rocks b-below… I will f-fall with a smile that t-to do so w-would be in your service…”

Zeus’ stance softened. His expression lost its frustrated edge as he looked upon the pathetic creature quivering at his feet. He looked on with pity as Theone broke into wordless sobs. And in a moment that drew gasps from the other gods and goddesses of Olympus — all of them standing in a pair of groups to the left and right of center stage — Zeus knelt. He placed one hand onto Theone’s back and another under her chin. He then lifted the crying girl to her feet.

~~

To have a mountainous man tear her from her balled-up position on the stage floor nearly proved to be too much for Alexis’ bladder. They picked Tony to play Zeus because he had the most “godlike” physique of the theater department, and this fact certainly applied to the ease with which he was able to lift up Alexis. She didn’t mind this usually, but she tensed upon finishing her last line — there was no amount of “preparedness” that could have prevented her from leaking another sprinkle of urine as she rose. And this was exacerbated by the fact that she couldn’t entirely predict from her position when “Zeus” would do this.

To her absolute horror, Alexis could feel a few drops disconnect from the wetness on her body. She prayed that they weren’t visible as they twinkled to the ground. Or at least, she prayed that they’d be mistaken for sweat.

The stage went dark after Zeus lifted Theone up from her sobbing prostration. This was necessary for the most technically complex part of the play.

It required Alexis to wear a climber’s harness beneath her tunic that would then be used to lift her off the stage to appear as though she was “flying”. And beyond this, she was supposed to wear a pair of specially-made, spring-loaded wings; when the rope became tight enough under her weight, the springs would release and the feathery wings would explode outward from her back — as though she’d magically grown them!

As such, both Zeus and Theone departed the stage once the narrator began speaking. If Alexis hadn’t been so unbelievably desperate to pee, she might have been ecstatic with her delivery of those last lines — her passionate sobbing really sold Theone’s reverence for her deity! But, truthfully, her cries were more a product of how badly she needed to urinate than anything related to her script.

“Holy crap you can act, Alexis!” whispered Tina, one of the girls backstage, as she rushed over holding the harness. They had to work quickly — though the narrator was delivering a fairly long monologue recounting Theone’s journey thus far, both Theone and Zeus had to be back up on stage by the time he was delivering his last lines.

Alexis marched in place as the costume girl struggled to untie the decorative rope belt around her waist. “Hhuuhhh. Hhhuhh…” Alexis wondered if she could pee herself back here and have enough time to get away with it.

“Hold still! We’re running out of time!” Tina hissed. She wrenched Alexis’ tunic upward — abruptly revealing Alexis’ naked legs and panties. She had to wear white so as not to have anything show through her tunic. And due to her usual “arrangement” with Courtney, she had no shortage of cheap, white panties… She then pulled Alexis’ hands away from her crotch so she could secure the belt of the harness around her abdomen.

Alexis squeaked as the girl sinched the belt even tighter around her belly. The torture was beyond human comprehension. It was as if she harbored a delicate watermelon, and this girl was trying to crush it with a ratchet-strap. Worst of all, it buckled from behind — hence why Alexis couldn’t do this herself. Perhaps Tina was caught off-guard by how much harder it was to tighten to its usual belt-hole — a symptom of the fact that Alexis’ massively over-full bladder now physically bulged from her abdomen.

“Alright — Left!” The girl held a leg-hole for the harness open, expectantly.

Another spurt escaped as Alexis lifted her leg and gingerly stepped into the hole. The darkness backstage was the only thing preventing her drawn-out accident from being visible. She followed-suit with her right leg, but somehow managed to prevent another leak this time.

Tina then tugged Alexis’ tunic down over her back — wrapping her into this insidious girdle. Another girl brought over the wings. These fastened over her arms a bit like a bra — though it clipped in front and back to allow her to slip them onto her torso without entirely disrobing. She couldn’t easily cause them to spring outward on her own, but she had to be careful not to bounce around too much — lest they pop out early and ruin the scene. Having another girl reach into her arm holes to secure the clip right beneath her breasts caused her to stiffen up; being so thoroughly manhandled was an unwelcome sensation while faced with the dire pressure in her abdomen.

Finally, as she shimmied her way back up onto the stage above shaking knees, they ran the rope through the release-hook on the wings and clipped the end of it to her harness.

~~

“And so, enthralled by this priestess’ tribulations — and the passion that drove her all the way to kingdom of the gods — Zeus was satisfied.” The narrator looked upward, out over the audience and held his arms wide. The stage brightened, bringing Zeus and the redhead into full view.

“I understand, Theone.” Zeus thundered. “And I will not allow a village responsible for birthing a heroine and so dedicated a priestess as thyself to fall to ruin.”

Theone raised her shaking arms and held them out as she would many times when invoking her god. “O’ g-great Z-zeus…” She stammered. “Y-you have my unending g-gratitude!...” Theone winced. Tears welled up in her eyes. The joy of her people’s salvation left her weak at the knees. “A-alas!” she began again, “I-if I cannot return to Olympia by Nightfall — with w-word of your g-great generosity…”

Zeus’ brows furrowed with concern.

“M-my people will s-surrender without condition!” Alexis was careful to keep her back turned away from the audience. She swayed on her feet as she awaited Zeus’ lines. At first she looked down, but she couldn’t help but glance out to where Courtney was seated in the audience.

“Steel thyself. The armies risen against thy people know not the wrath that I shall rain down upon them! I shall summon all the heavens against them!” Zeus motioned up toward the sky. He produced a silvered lightning bolt in his hand seemingly from nowhere — a slight-of-hand trick that he’d spent a number of weeks practicing. “I shall twist the clouds into a grand tempest! I shall issue forth a deluge that will sink their ships and leave their infantry to writhe in the muck like swine!” A thunder clap punctuated this promise. “And when at last they raise their arms against thy people—” A flash of white light illuminated the entire stadium followed by the loudest roar of thunder yet.

Alexis bobbed in her sandals — rolling on the balls of her feet. Her arms quivered in a wide ‘W’ shape as she fought the unconscious movements that tried to inch them closer to her crotch.

“I WILL SMITE THEM!”

Alexis squeezed her eyes shut. She knew that she was messing this up, but so long as she did not start sobbing, the scene would be salvageable…

“So your people will surrender… And by nightfall say thee?!!” Zeus raised his index finger to Alexis and held the bolt high over his head. “Then Theone, daughter of Aminta! With all the authority of Olympus!...”

Alexis tensed up in preparation for what came next. She could already feel the slack in the rope at her back tightening. The release on the wings began to lift.

“I command thee!—” Zeus shook with passion. The theater crew clicked on an industrial fan that was positioned off to the right of the stage. Another boom of thunder roared through the stadium following another flash of bright, white light. “Sprout wings!”

The wings on Alexis’ back engaged perfectly in time. The shift in weight caused her to stumble slightly, and she slammed her thighs together as the wind kicked some stray feathers into the air. The audience gasped.

“AND FLY!”

“F-fly?!” Alexis barely coughed-out this line. The harness under her tunic tightened and pulled her up from the stage.

In an instant, it was all over. Everything.

Perhaps “Zeus” did not immediately see what was happening… But everyone else undoubtedly did:

In front of nearly ten-thousand spectators, at the moment of the play’s very climax… Alexis peed. A heavy, gushing stream began as a couple of sputtering splashes. And she continued to rise from the stage as the backstage crew had no idea of what was happening out front. A thick jet of urine hissed from between her legs and crashed onto the wooden stage that grew ever-further away. The puddle that started as a sizable “spill” soon grew to become a rippling lake of piss so wide in diameter that it even managed to begin trickling off the edge of the stage.

Alexis’ mind exploded. She failed to perform any of her planned “emotional transition” into “wonder and excitement”. She instead remained frozen in her pose as tears ran down her cheeks and dripped off her chin into the hot puddle that continued to spread beneath her feet. There were no thoughts at this time — only the feelings of immeasurable relief and abject horror. Wild pink eyes flicked across the audience and then back to the puddle at her feet.

The entire stadium had grown completely silent after the first initial gasps. It took several seconds for a few of the gaping mouths to close and express some kind of a compassionate “oh”. This was followed by an increasing roar of voices as everyone in the stadium began to process what they were seeing — each bore a different reaction.

Alexis was still peeing by the time she witnessed the first cell phones pop up from out of the sea of spectators. Hundreds — perhaps thousands — of videos captured her from all angles. And the rippling flashes of white light across the audience numbered similarly. She was wordless as she reached the maximum “height” at which she was supposed to “fly”. She simply stared down at the vast sea of piss she’d let out. Its edge creeped ever-closer to Zeus’ toes. If she could have found the word, she would have shrieked “help” — but it never came to her. She simply began to sob as she dangled pathetically like a Grecian angel Christmas ornament. Her eyes opened wide in horror as wave after wave of humiliation broke over her psyche. Eventually her stream fully died down, and only the stubborn drops that clung to her legs, sandals, and tunic continued to rain onto the stage.

Zeus must have noticed at some point… Or had his feet finally make contact with the spreading urine, because he backed off the stage as Alexis remained dripping. He clearly caught himself staring at the massive puddle and thought it better to try to offer a sympathetic look upward toward the suspended Alexis as he stepped down off the stage.

“Close the fucking curtains, you idiots!” Mrs. Wilson shrieked over the audience’s cacophony.

Alexis’ arms finally dropped limp against her sides. Her wide, terrified eyes settled once again on Courtney. Clearly, Courtney was getting an earful from her mother, because she’d sunken deep into her seat while her mother stood shouting at her with wildly flailing arms. Nevertheless, Courtney kept her eyes on Alexis.

The two girls cut a sanctuary out of the chaos as they stared at each other. Alexis’ pink eyes remained wide in animalistic terror and Courtney’s red eyes burned with a stern calmness under the hand she used to block out her hysterical mother.

“Just keep looking at me, Alexis. Nothing else matters.” Courtney could’ve screamed the words to her, and Alexis would never have heard…

But Alexis understood. She did not look away from her girlfriend even as Courtney’s mother worked partially between them with her screaming. In seconds... minutes... an eternity... the curtains would close.

And reality would devour her.

*003*2024-10-12 04:43

@warham1995

Thanks! I absolutely do plan to write more in the future! One of the things I've been wanting to try is illustrating a story with sketches as a faster "alternative" to a comic.

@Wildagram

Thank you! I've done a few stories for some of my art before, but I think the only one that's close to this in length is that Halloween one from a couple years ago! Technically this story takes place at some point after Off-Limits!, but since I wanted to develop Alexis' character a bit more, I threw a little bit of her and Courtney's relationship "backstory" into it as well!

*008*2024-10-17 23:00

@Noot

Thank you so much, lol. XD

@EnragedFilia

Ooh, thank you for the detailed criticism! Yeah, I don't know if I was particularly clear that Alexis did get a couple bathroom breaks throughout the day (as opposed to her usual "game" with Courtney) --- and that her last one was just a few hours before the play. So her desperation might have been a little bit more "spiked" due to her nervousness in the beginning. Nevertheless, I tend to like dragging out the "extremely dire desperation" parts of these scenarios, and that tends to make the build-up pretty "flat". I probably ought to include a slower, more gradual increase in urgency in my future stories...

I was also trying to convey that Courtney was running a bit late when she showed up in the dressing room, and that Alexis was under a "time crunch" to get out and perform --- hence why she didn't try to find some more alternative solutions in the beginning. That said, it probably would have worked better if I'd included a part where someone kind-of "dragged" her out onto the stage as a way of cementing this fact and literally prevented her from even attempting to find some solution to her predicament. As for once she was out on stage, she was basically stuck up there until the intermission, as she featured in every scene. I probably also should have made that a bit more clear via some internal "dread" or "cursing" how ridiculously present her part was.

I do like the idea of having her desperation start after she begins to perform, though... Like, would you have her drinking a lot under the heat from the stage-lights between scenes? I definitely feel like having her not need to go at the start and thus thinking she'd be "fine" would fit her personality quite well. She's kind-of... arrogant? And having the cast dismiss her need as "not that bad" since she didn't need to go earlier would be a fantastic little game of ping-pong between her and her fellow actors' and actresses' personalities. Kind-of a "You said you didn't have to go, and we already told you it'd be locked during the show. So suck it up!" kind of thing.

@The Drip Files

Aw, thanks, damn! And that's a really interesting idea! To do some spin-off stories for things concurrent to Off-Limits!, or to throw some more "detailed" exposition in there... Hmmmm. And lol, Mrs. Wilson is probably going to try to save her own ass, but I don't see that working out all that well for her! XD

*011*2024-11-01 00:12

@EnragedFilia

Yeah, I think that was a pretty big thing I missed in this story. I really should have clarified how the day went prior to the play --- that it took place that night and that Alexis got to pee a couple times before it started. Mainly, she was waiting for Courtney to text her "permission" before the play, but Courtney went "radio silent". This was actually a major fuck-up on Courtney's part, since it lead to the events of the night --- and Courtney genuinely felt terrible for screwing over Alexis like that.

As for Alexis' characterization... She is a little complicated --- her outward appearance is a touch arrogant and tough, but internally she's reserved and susceptible to anxiety. She uses the toughness and arrogance as a buffer against uncertainty. Her description of the situation as a "disaster" encompasses her internal view of the entire situation: she needs to piss like crazy, she's the lead actress of the play and will be stuck up there for the entire duration (she only gets to "freeze" in the background during scene transitions), she is already feeling uneasy about the whole thing, and her usual reliance on Courtney to ease her emotions unexpectedly failed! So her level of needing to pee at the time wasn't disastrous on its own; Alexis is no stranger to arduous holds. It's more-so that she likely knew that if it wasn't doomsday yet, it soon would be!

That is all to say, Alexis is arrogant about how well she can hold --- and if I'd gone with that premise for the set-up, I think a lot of your suggestions would have fit the bill better. But in this case, I was trying to play into more of that nuance surrounding her emotions and relationship with Courtney. That's not to say I don't think there are problems, because I clearly failed to convey this! I'm just trying to put into words what I was trying to do to see if you've got any ideas for how I could've done better pursuing it.

Ultimately, I was trying to show how Alexis' external performance slowly collapsed into her internal apocalypse. Right at the end, when peeing herself is inevitable, she's no longer "Theone", but Alexis. And not even the Alexis we usually see, but the raw one she tries to hide.

As for Mrs. Wilson and Alexis' fellow actors / actresses... None of them know that Alexis and Courtney have a little "game" going on, and that Alexis seriously needed to pee before the play started as a result. So "I really need to pee" elicits more of a "damn, that sucks" response than an "oh fuck, we've got an actual problem here". Mrs. Wilson especially thought that Alexis was being overly-dramatic about her need. In her mind, Alexis must have "accidentally forgotten to pee before the play and is just gonna have to tough it out" --- she didn't know that Alexis had intentionally held her pee beforehand, and that she was legitimately about to pee herself on stage! Worse still, the audience was interpreting Alexis' increasing lack of control as Theone's fervor! The waterworks hit them completely by surprise!

I think what I particularly messed-up in this case was describing Courtney and Alexis' "game" and the circumstances surrounding it on this particular day. I might have taken it a bit for-granted that people would cobble it together from my random other stuff when I instead really ought to have been more clear about it in this story. Basically, Courtney controls Alexis' bathroom breaks. Normally, that means Alexis only gets to pee a few times per day and spends a LOT of time desperate.

This game was still in effect even today, but Courtney had intended to cut Alexis some slack so that she could do her best on account of how important the play was; she fully intended to let Alexis pee before the play... Her "mistake" was not suspending their "game" for the entire day and thinking she could control Alexis right up until minutes before the play started. (Admittedly, Alexis is actually a fan of this kind of "danger".) So Alexis really needed to pee before the play started --- and she likely knew, based on her extensive prior experience, that she would not be able to make it through the play dry! But, unfortunately for her, she was "locked-in" to her fate by that point.

Thinking on it now, that was a massive oversight on my end... Because if you didn't know any of that going in, a lot of this story makes very little sense! XD

Anyway, sorry for the "vomit" of clarifications, lol. I hope what I was trying to do makes a little more sense, though, because I could definitely use some advice on making all of that lot clearer!

@The Drip Files

You are flattering the hell out of me, lol --- thank you! XD And thank you for sticking around for that entire time, too --- I know that I'm really slow, lol!

*013*2024-11-01 02:13

@warham1995

Honestly, I'm considering it, lol! Or at least, one about Courtney that involves her mother!

*015*2024-11-01 21:01

@warham1995

That'd be interesting... I'll have to think about it! It might be a little awkward for a mother and daughter to be teasing each other like that, lol. But I could definitely see something akin to that series Biku did, where they both have to go!

