Caroline and the padlock

Author: just_hold95

*000*2023-08-10 23:32

Hi! After a very long time, I have decided to share my personal work with you. I hope it's not that bad, and quite understandable, as I'm not an english native speaker.

This is pure fiction, none of the events has ever happened, and every character is fictional.

DISCLAIMER: Never, ever try to repeat this at your own. It sounds fun, but could be very dangerous.

I hope you have fun reading, as this is my first story being published. I'm really nervous posting it online.

###

I’m Caroline and I'm 27 years old. I'm a tall, and slim blonde girl, and I'm into holding my pee for pleasure. I often put myself in some difficult situations which make me feel proud of my strong bladder. I want to share with you the story of one particular day at my work.

I woke up at 6 AM, and got ready for work. I drank coffee, ate breakfast, took a shower and got dressed. I don't have a dress code at work but I have to look professional so I put on my skinny black jeans and white blouse. At 7:30 I normally leave my flat, so just before I entered the bathroom and emptied my bladder till the last drop. I recently made a habit of not peeing at work. Of course that's not a daily habit, everyone has some worse or better days and not always I am able to cope with holding my pee through the entire work day, and sometimes it becomes uncomfortable. This particular day I had a good mood and decided to follow my habit. I often like to feel the pressure of my swollen bladder at the end of the work hours and then riding back to my home to release my pent up pee. Today I came up with an idea to add some spice to my hold. I've recently bought a padlock I wanted to try using for some time and today was the day to do that.

After emptying the last drop I put my jeans back and locked a padlock on my jeans button just on the thin part of the button (you know how looks the jeans button made of metal, right?) That made it unable to unbutton my jeans without taking off the padlock, as it was blocking the button to slip through the hole in the waist part of my jeans. I tried it and confirmed my theory. There was no way for me to take off my jeans without taking off the padlock. My blouse was long enough to cover my waist and the padlock. To add even more spice, I decided to leave the key to the padlock at home. That would totally make me hold my pee for several hours whether I liked it or not. I was both excited and scared. What If I had an emergency and won't be able to take off my pants? I would not recommend doing what I did but the excitation took over and I left my key on the table then left for work.

I usually take my car to my work, and today was no different. I drove to my work, parked my car, and entered my office 10 minutes before my work starts at 8 AM. I was working for rather not so big company, so I was in charge of huge amount of the paperwork, also because most of my co-workers were from the technical part of the company, doing their tasks outside.

With me in the office work two other woman, Lisa aged 34 - absent today because she asked for a day off and Barbara aged 45. There is also our boss, Mark, aged 52 in his room next to ours. I started reading and responding the emails and sorting out the invoices that arrived by traditional post. I often take a sip from a water bottle which I always keep on my desk, and today was no different. The absence of Lisa made me answer more phonecalls than normally, and before I realised It was 11 AM. We don't have fixed time for lunch or breaks, If you need to use the bathroom, and no one is calling, you can freely use it, unless you have a padlock preventing you from doing it.

Over 3 hours and a half since my last pee. As I said before, I’m used to holding my pee and my bladder is quite well trained so It was not a problem by now. I could feel my bladder was no longer empty and I was feeling some need to urinate, which I would normally do if I was about to travel somewhere. My need by now was at the stage of 3/10. Nothing serious, yet nothing to forget about. I got off from my chair and headed towards the little kitchen.

I took some pasta from the fridge I prepared the day before and took it in my lunchbox. I sat by the small table and consumed my meal. I also made a tea for myself to drink after my lunch, but I didn't want to waste more time so I took it back to my desk to drink it while working. After about 40 minutes I started to feel some more pressure in my abdomen, as certainly the tea I consumed was already processed by my kidneys and some fresh urine entered my bladder. Now my need increased to level 4. I had no other option than to ignore it, and got back to work.

After 1 PM, almost 6 hours since I emptied my bladder, I could feel the pressure intensified. By now it was firm 5/10 and I couldn't take my mind off my need. Still I wasn't afraid, as I had only 2 hours and a half left of work, so I would be home in about 3 hours. I saw my water bottle was empty bo now so I came back to the kitchen to get a fresh one, and took a sip. Just after 3PM I could feel my bladder was starting to bulge out a little bit, and my need increased to level 6/10. I knew it would be much worse when I stood up, but while I was sitting at my desk, I could easily control my growing need. Then our boss walked in our room. He approached me and said:

- Caroline, could you please print some empty contract templates for our meeting at 5PM.

At 5PM? Oh fork! I totally forgot about the meeting! My heart raced. I had to take off my padlock before! I didn't want to hold a bursting bladder through the meeting. I managed to calm down and show no fear, then answered:

- Of course I can. I will have it with me.

- Thanks, Caroline!

- Um, excuse me, but could I leave a little bit earlier today so I could dress more properly? I will quickly jump to my home, and will be back before it's time to leave for the meeting.

- Don't worry about clothes. You're looking good. It's not a very formal meeting, so no one will judge you, but I prefer we are not late, so if that's okay I would like you to stay here. I promise I will let you earlier tomorrow.

I was terrified. I got myself into a big trouble and could do nothing about that. The last thing I would like my boss to know was I had a padlock on my jeans preventing me from emptying my bladder.

- Okay, thank you - I replied - I will wait here, not to delay our ride.

My boss smiled and walked out. I was afraid, I would not manage to stay dry. My body was shaking, but I closed my eyes for a couple of seconds and took few deep breaths. I reviewed my situation. It was almost half past 3PM, and I haven't peed since half past 7 in the morning. That meant 8 hours without relieving myself. My current status was 6/10 and going for 7. In one our and a half we are supposed to be in a meeting, which hopefully would last no longer than 1 hour. Adding a journey back to my home, if everythings goes up to my plan, I would be able to use my bathroom in 3 hours. That doesn't sound as bad, but my need was constantly increasing. Could I last 11 hours without relieving myself? I simply had to. Sorry bladder, I hope you won't let me down.

I regained my self confidence and got back to work. I searched for the best route to the meeting, and wasn't disappointed, as the meeting place was only about 2km away from our office, still we had to take a car.

At half past 4PM, when my colleague Barbara was already out of the office, my boss entered my room.

- Ok Caroline, It's time for us to leave, so we won't be late. Are you ready?

- Of course... - I stood up and realised how full my bladder is. I could feel very intense pressure in my lower abdomen, and I knew my bladder was bulging out, although I couldn't check it by myself while standing in front of my boss. My need increased to firm 7/10. I was 100% sure I will be bursting to pee soon. I collected all the documents and followed my boss out of the office. I exited the building and started walking towards my car when my boss shouted from the other side of a car park:

- Hey, let's take my car, I would pick you up here after the meeting.

That's not how I planned. This solution would delay me returning to my home. Probably only by no more than 10 minutes, but 10 minutes while being desperate to pee feels like an eternity. That was not the worst part of the idea. I would be fully dependent on my boss. I could come back home only if he picks me up. Of course I could take a taxi or a bus, but to be honest, I would like to avoid being desperate to pee in a public transport or in some stranger's car. My boss was still somebody I knew for a few years and was a warm and kind man, still of course I didn't want to show my desperation to him nor pee myself in his car or company. I had no choice, and no time to argue.

I entered his car. The premium choice leather seats were very comfortable. I mean... wow! I could sit there for the rest od the day and It would be very, very helpful for me to hold my pee. I almost forgot about my need. Almost I mean, because how can you forget about a full bladder trying to release it's content. We drove to the meeting place which was in a new beautiful building. We parked in an underground garage, and I slowly exited the car. The fullness was really driving me mad. My bladder reminded me I should be at home right now using my toilet. Instead I was still at work with no slightest chance to pee soon. I simply had to hold it! The meeting room was said to be at the 3rd floor, so we took an elevator. I wanted to cross my legs so bad, but I didn't want to let my boss know I had to pee. To make matters worse, my skinny jeans waist was tightly adhering to my bladder, preventing it from expanding. Oh how I wished I could unbutton my jeans, but I couldn't.

We arrived to the meeting room, where already 2 men were waiting for us. I was introduced by my boss, who already knew those 2 men. We then sat on both sides of a big eliptical table, and those two men and my boss started discussing about the new agreement they were about to sign. We were given a bottle of water and a glass for each of us, which I didn't plan to drink by now. I was taking some notes, which would be useful for my further job, while the clock hit half past 5PM. 10 hours since my last pee. My need at the level of 8/10 while sitting at the table. I was afraid of standing up, because I knew I was going to be bursting to pee for sure.

Still there were no signs for the meeting to end soon. I felt thirsty, and wanted to delay drinking anything, but my throat was sore, and I decided to drink a little of water to hydrate myself. 6PM rolled up, and my boss was still discussing with those 2 men. I was getting really nervous. My body was shaking, and I was keeping my legs tight together. Finally, after some minutes I could see the end of my nightmare. The agreement was going to be signed.

Finally at about half past 6PM those two men stood up, and so did my boss. I didn't wanted to be rude, so I also stood up carefully. I could feel my bloated and full bladder being squized by my skinny jeans. I did everything to keep my flood gates shut. We shook hands and headed back to the underground garage. 11 hours worth of urine. My need at firm 9/10, and I still had about an hour to go back to my flat. That couldn't be happening. It was a pure nightmare. We entered the car, and I wanted to hold myself so bad. I put all my strength and willpower not to pee myself in my boss's car. I could feel every pothole and every stop in my bursting bladder.

We finally arrived at the car park by our office building. I quickly thanked my boss, and headed towards my car. My legs were shaking. I nervously looked for my car key in my bag, unlocked the doors, and entered my car. I closed my eyes for a moment and took a deep breath. Now being alone I lifted my blouse to see how bad is my situation. I saw a huge bulge in my abdomen, up to my navel. My swollen bladder trying to expand, and being blocked by my skinny jeans. I ignited the engine. To make matters worse, my car had a manual gearbox. I had to press the clutch and put on the first gear. I slowly rolled out of the car park and carefully drove back towards home. I don't recommend driving with a bursting bladder, but I simply had to. I arrived to my home. Parked on a car park beside my block of flats.

I exited my car and locked it. I was in a panic mode. 12 hours of holding my pee wanted to be released NOW! My need grew up to 10/10. Still I had to walk to the second floor without an elevator. That was some kind of cruel nightmare. I took slow steps towards my floor. Searched for my keys and finally entered my flat. I was finally in my home! I almost ran to my kitchen and grabbed the keys to the padlock. My hands were shaking, and I dropped the keys to the floor.

Noo! I almost cried, as I had to bend down. I gasped, as I squized my bladder reaching to the keys. I finally inserted the key to the padlock and unlocked it. I threw it on the table, and ran to the bathroom. I unbuttoned my jeans and slid them off while still walking. I touched my bladder. It was rock hard, and bulging out like a watermelon. I was so proud of myself when I sat down on the toilet and released a torrent of pee. I gasped while emptying my tired bladder and promised myself to never, ever put the padlock again on my jeans.

*002*2023-08-11 15:39

{{Quote

We all know that promise is not going to hold. Unlike other things. 😏

}}

Some promised are made to be broken maybe 😀

*004*2023-08-11 16:42

{{8 minutes ago, pguy69 said:

This is a great first post, I really enjoyed your writing and I REALLY enjoyed the concept. You have nothing to be nervous about, and I can't wait to read more of what is happening in that mind of yours!

}}

Thank you a lot! This makes me gain some self confidence! If I don’t put my head in the sand like an ostrich, I will probably write some more stories.

*006*2023-08-14 12:53

{{On 8/12/2023 at 1:38 AM, pguy69 said:

You are more than welcome. You should be confident, you are amongst friends who share your interests, and I would love read more of your writing. Please do feel free to DM me too if you are comfortable chatting. Honestly, for a first post, it is REALLY good!

}}

Thanks.

I’ll keep that in mind, and I’ll keep writing 🙂. I think you’ve persuaded me and something more could be coming soon.

I’m a little bit introverted, but I’m sure I’ll feel more confident soon.

