Desperate in the company car

Author: Jin

*000*2020-02-01 13:33

(It's a long one people!)

Mike pressed his legs together in the car as he drove. The traffic had been banking up for a while now, and he'd chosen today, of all days to challenge himself to a hold. He woken up that morning hornier than he'd been in a long time and ready for a bit of fun, and had set the intention to hold in his morning piss as long as he could. He hadn't expected work to get so busy. And he hadn't expected to be able to hold it all day. But with the amount of work he'd had on, he'd completely forgotten to drink anything substantial. He'd hadn't even had a coffee until the afternoon, when the temp had brought around a coffee order to the office. He'd been sitting on a full bladder all day, but it wasn't until he'd started on the coffee that he started to get truly uncomfortable.

He'd spent the rest of the afternoon squirming as he sipped his coffee, and though he was fairly desperate by the end of his shift, he wasn't ready to end his fun. The drive home was another hour, and he could definitely hold that long. In fact, he could hold longer if he needed. That wouldn't do. He wanted to be truly and utterly dying by the time he got back to his house. He hated holding when he had the option to pee in a toilet. It was much more exciting for him if he had to hold it. And driving was the perfect excuse. For the first time in months, he had the house to himself, and he planned to have as much fun as he could.

So just as he left the office, Mike grabbed himself a large bottle of water. If his timing was right, he could drink it over the hour's drive home and be close to exploding as he drove into his driveway. His bladder gave a sharp twinge as he looked at the water. Soon, all of that would be inside of him, making its way to his already stretched bladder. He gave it a poke as he passed by the toilets on the way out, and had to stop to give himself a squeeze through his pocket. His bladder was round, and protruding, but there was still a little give in it. Perfect. The drive home was going to be just what he needed after months of constant company. Finally, he could indulge himself.

During the first half of his drive, Mike steadily drank the liter bottle of water until it was finished, eager to begin the real test.

As he downed the last of the bottle he threw the empty in the back so he wouldn't be tempted to use it later, and it was then that his bladder gave its first sharp spasm. Mike gasped, and grabbed himself through his pants. His belly was distended enough now that the waistband of his trousers was uncomfortable. He gave his belly a cautious prod, and felt the tautness just underneath his skin. He was close to capacity now. By the time he got home in half an hour, he'd be absolutely frantic. Mike frowned. There was a chance he might not make it. After holding all day, his bladder was getting fairly tired. But underneath his worry was excitement. He squirmed a bit in his seat and felt the shock waves reverberate around his bladder. He was going to be so desperate by the time he got home. He would have to hold it in until then, though. It was a company car, so he definitely couldn't allow himself to piss his pants. It was going to be a close one, but he had no other choice.

He hadn't accounted for the traffic.

Five minutes after he finished the water, the traffic on the freeway slowed to a crawl. Mike swore and painfully put his foot on the brake. The movement put more pressure on his bladder. At least he had an automatic, or he'd really be in trouble. The cars were backed up over the rise of the hill, and until he crested it, there was no way of telling how far it went on. His bladder throbbed dully, and he shifted in his seat to contain it. Hopefully it wasn't a long delay. He would be pushing it to get home, even if the way was clear. If he had to wait any longer, he would be in serious, serious trouble. He might even have to abandon his trip and pull in to a public toilet.

At the thought of releasing early, his bladder cramped. Mike groaned loudly, twisting his thighs together and bending over the steering wheel to keep control. He could feel the litre of water he'd drank slowly trickling into his system. The slosh of water in his stomach promised much more to come. He didn't know if he had room for any more.

The cars started to creep forward, and Mike whined under his breath as he accelerated at an alarmingly slow rate. The crest of the hill was just ahead. The cars stopped again, and Mike fidgeted in his seat. He was close to an 8 out of 10, he thought. Maybe a bit over. But whatever happened, he couldn't wet in the car. It would soak right through the material seats and he'd never get the smell out in time to hand it back over to the boss tomorrow. Another trickle of the water forced its way into his tight bladder, and it had Mike thrusting in his seat to try and relieve the discomfort. He was really getting desperate now.

The cars crept forward again, and Mike crested the hill.

“Fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck,” he cursed like it was his own personal mantra. There looked to be a crash about a kilometre ahead, forcing the traffic down from four lanes to two. It had taken him about 5, torturous minutes to move less than 100 metres. It was going to take him an extra thirty minutes at least to get through the traffic, let alone all the way home. Mike was already jiggling in his seat. He'd never make it that far. He'd just have to try and hold on until the next exit and find a McDonald's or something. It was his only chance.

He turned on the radio for some distraction. It gave him a beat to squirm to at least. But every tree on the nature strip was already calling out to him, and the sloshing of water in his belly was lessening as it made its way though him. His bladder clamped down again, hard.

Mike grabbed his dick and squeezed, tensing his muscles against the onslaught. The cars moved forward another 50 meters, and he held himself until they stopped again. His pants were making creases in his belly now, his bladder protruding grossly from underneath his skin. It looked like he had swallowed a football. It felt like he had swallowed a cannon ball. He barely pressed his fingers to his abdomen and could not make a dent without doubling over as the urine forced its way into his urethra. His bladder was so tight it had no give.

Mike undid his trousers, to ease the pressure. It didn't help. Even his, normally loose-fitting underwear was unbearable against his skin.

They moved forward another 100 meters.

The music wasn't helping any more. He needed to piss. Now. He'd never needed to piss so badly before - not when he hadn't been free to wet himself. But he couldn't piss here. He absolutely couldn't. Mike fanned his thighs so vigorously they could have started a fire. Urine pushed at the opening of his urethra as he squeezed his cock in a death grip. “Don't piss, don't piss, don't piss,” he chanted, as if it would help. Another squirt of the water entered his bladder, and the pressure at the base of his cock became unbearable. He moaned in one, long, broken sound as he fought back against the waves of urgency. The wave passed, and he went back to fanning his legs frantically.

The cars moved forward another 100 meters. Mike was letting out little hums of utter desperation with each out breath. It was impossible. He couldn't last much longer.

But somehow, he had to. Just until he could reach an exit. Just another 700m and he'd be free of the traffic. His bladder cramped again, and he tensed every muscle until he was shaking. He could feel himself start to sweat under the strain. Piss was forcing its way to the tip of his penis, making him half hard with desperation. Mark groaned as he made it past the cramp dry. He didn't know how much more he could endure. It was only a matter of time now.

The cars moved forward another 50 meters and stopped. Mark couldn't stop moving in his seat. If he stopped, he would absolutely piss himself. But he couldn't allow it. He couldn't piss in the company car. He absolutely couldn't. Even though every nerve was screaming at him to let go, and every drop of water that moved from his stomach to his bladder threatened to make him explode, he had to hold it. He had no other choice.

His bladder cramped down long and hard again, trying its best to empty itself. Mark bent double against the agony, and squeezed himself so hard he was afraid he'd do permanent damage. The part of him that was excited for the hold was now terrified of not making it as he panted and shook with the strain. Despite his best efforts, he felt a trickle spurt past his grip to wet his underwear. Every part of his body begged him to let it continue. All he had to do was accept his defeat and he could be emptying himself torrents upon torrents of pee. But Mike growled and grunted, and tightened his defenses further, cutting off the trickle with herculean effort. He could hold it. He had to hold it.

The next wave came within seconds of the last one, and in that moment, Mark knew was wrong. He couldn't hold it. Fuck. His bladder was already rock solid, and trying to fit more in every minute. Every movement sent ripples of exquisite pain through his bladder, which was now looking more like a basketball from above. The piss was pressing at his opening with the force of a tidal wave, and all that was stopping it was his hand, his pretzeled legs, and his quivering muscles. He needed to piss. Now.

The cars moved forward another 50 meters, and another spurt broke free of his control as he maneuvered the brake and the accelerator. For a second, he teetered on the brink of release, before he clawed it back. Beads of sweat coursed down his forehead, as he panted and whined with every breath. He looked around the car frantically. There had to be something he could use, anything.

Then he spied the water bottle. It was in the far corner of the back seat. If he stretched, maybe he could reach it. He had to try.

So he undid his seat-belt, and reclined his seat. Every movement he made caused his bladder to scream. He couldn't release his dick. He couldn't hold it in without his hand any more. Slowly, Mike stretched backwards towards the water bottle. His bladder, already past capacity, had no room to stretch. His stomach muscles pressed down on it as he reached, and Mike could start to feel himself losing it. “No, no, no, no,” he chanted and sat up, clamping down on his penis with both hands as his opening fluttered. A thin dribble spurted out. Tears flowed freely down his face as he fought tooth and nail to hold on. An extra push, and he was able to stop the stream. He let out a sob at the effort. A wet patch the side of a saucer had appeared on the front of his trousers.

The cars moved forward another 100 meters. He somehow managed to drive forward while keeping both hands buried in his crotch. When he stopped, he noticed the coffee cup in his center console. It was half full. His bladder cramped down hard again as he spied relief. But what was in the cup didn't leave much for him to release. If he started, he wouldn't be able to stop again that soon. He knew it. There was only one other option. If he poured it out the window, everyone would know what he was doing. He'd have to drink it first.

Mike didn't even think twice. Even as his tired bladder clamped down in agony around the oceans of piss he was holding in, he grabbed the cup and started to swallow. Every mouthful felt like it was going directly into his bladder. He could feel his muscles start to give way. Suddenly he felt strangely tingly and numb, and he knew. This was it. He couldn't hold it back any more. As the last mouthful passed his lips, Mike fumbled the cup down to his fly, glad that he'd already undid his pants. He could feel the pee starting to burst out from beneath his clenched fingers as he fought to free his cock. He could hear himself letting out little hmm's of distress as he tried to hold it back just a second longer. The moment he angled the tip of his penis into the cup, a torrent of piss exploded from him. He moaned in ecstasy as he finally relaxed his control. Piss frothed and splattered in the bottom of coffee cup as he panted in orgasmic relief.

But it wasn't to last. The coffee cup was filling fast, and he wasn't ready. He still needed to piss so badly, and his bladder had now had a taste of relief. It didn't want to stop. But he had to. Slowly, and painfully, he clamped down his trembling muscles and regained control of his bladder. His stream started to thin as it got to the top, and finally came to a stop.

Urgency pulsed through him, begging him to let go again. He couldn't help the sob that escaped him. But he held the urine back. His muscles were tired, but his bladder had regained a bit of its elasticity. He was still fidgeting, but he didn't need to hold himself. He might even make it all the way home now.

The cars ahead started to move, and Mike stowed his cup in the cup holder and inched forward. It took him another 20 minutes to clear the traffic jam, and the water he'd drunk had steadily been joining the rest of the liquid in his bladder. He was nearing capacity again, but the open road had given him new hope. It was only another 25 minutes until he got home. He could wait that long. Especially now he was moving at a steady pace.

10 minutes later, and he needed to hold himself again. Just 15 minutes left to go. He could probably make that. As he saw the exit marker on the freeway, 7 kilometers, he felt the first leak dribble out. Fuck. Mike jiggled in his seat as a new wave of urgency hit him. He needed a new plan. His cock was stiff with desperation, half visible through the wet material of his underwear. It gave him an idea.

Mike started to squeeze and stroke himself, trying to get hard. It might buy him a few more minutes. His bladder was constricting inside him, trying its best to empty itself, but he squeezed harder, then kept on stroking. The pleasure of stimulation warred with the agony of desperation as he drove. Every minute was a countdown to getting home. 5 minutes now.

He turned off the freeway and stopped at the traffic lights. He fisted himself as covertly as he could, knowing that if he stopped, even for a second, he would lose it. His bladder, had gone from throbbing to one continuous cramp. His muscles were tiring rapidly. His erection, though as close to orgasm as he could allow, was struggling to maintain itself. A quarter of his being wanted urgently to give in to his impending orgasm, but the rest of him desperately needed to release the torrent of piss boiling inside his over-stretched bladder. Right now.

Mike stroked himself slower and slower as he teetered on the edge. He was barely hard any more, but if he grabbed himself any tighter and forced it, he wouldn't be able to stop himself from coming. Every bump and brake made his bladder scream, and push at its confines. But he was so close. He was just two streets away.

Mike started counting the minutes home. Just one more minute. You can wait one more minute.

He was barely touching himself with more than a finger now, holding back his orgasm as fiercely as he was denying his bladder.

Just 30 more seconds.

He could see his driveway now. His bladder shuddered as the cold coffee he'd drunk forced its way in. It felt fit to burst. His muscles were overwrought with the need to cum, and the need to hold it back.

Mike pulled into his driveway, whimpering and rocking back and forth as he waited for the garage door to open. Being so close to relief seemed to increase his urgency ten fold. He needed to piss. Now!

He gripped the tip of his cock and stroked once, just enough to stave it off, and almost came instead. As the garage door opened, his heart dropped. His room mate's car was still parked inside. Both Jade and Dean should have left this morning for the festival. He'd seen them go. Here he was, seconds away from exploding, and he had company. Somehow, he drove the car into the garage next to his room mate's car and pressed the button to close the door. Before the garage door had even closed, Mike jumped out of the car. He immediately bent double, and squeezed his legs together. He was barely two steps from the car when he felt his muscles start to give way. “No, no, no,” he whispered, and grabbed his cock in a death grip. The grinding of his hand in his crotch brought his impending orgasm to the fore. He couldn't hold it back much longer.

“Mikey, is that you home?” he heard Jade call from the garden. He locked up every muscle he knew he had and choked back a pained cry. He couldn't piss in the garden where she could see. And he couldn't wet himself now. Not in front of them. He embarrassed himself enough in front of his hot room mate without wetting himself like a baby in front of her. He prayed to whatever gods he knew that he could get through to the toilet without her stopping him, or he'd have no chance.

A trickle of piss sprang forth from his cock as he gripped it tight, his bladder finally demanding payment. With as much speed as he could muster, he made for the back door, holding himself painfully tight inside his pocket. Piss pushed at the tip of his cock with an urgency that made him shudder. His muscles started to go numb, and he could feel himself losing the fight again. Without looking back, he bolted for the door and ripped it open, not stopping for the call of his room mate in the garden behind him. He could make it. He had to make it.

The toilet door loomed in front of him, and he could feel spurts of piss bulge out from beneath his white-knuckled grip. Just a step further.

He twisted the knob. It was locked.

“Sorry, I'm in here,” came Dean's voice. “Won't be a minute.”

Mike barely contained a cry as he bobbed on the spot. He didn't have a minute. He didn't even have another second. He was going to wet himself. Scratch that, he was wetting himself. Right now. Right here. Mike ran for the back door, a constant dribble now escaping his tortured body. His only hope was to make it to the garden. He had to make it outside. Mike ripped open the door for the second time as his bladder clamped downed with unforgiving finality. Jade stood on the step, her hand still reaching for the door handle. He couldn't get past her. He suppressed his need with everything he had left, shaking and sweating as he tried to buy time.

“Oh, Mike. I thought that was you,” she said, her brow immediately creasing in worry. “What's wrong?” But before the door had even closed behind him, he was lost. The grip he had on his cock moved a hair's breadth, and his orgasm tore through his body with force, and he felt his knees almost buckle. At the same time, his very prominent bladder clamped down like a vise. Ejaculate forcefully cut off the flow of urine for a few seconds as he fought back the urge to thrust, spiking a mixture of pain and ecstasy through his body. It was the most intense thing he'd ever experienced. And then his bladder, broke through his defenses. The piss started in a thin trickle at first as it tried to work its way around the echoes of his climax, and then it started to gush.

“Fuck, fuck, fuck,” he groaned as the torrent finally burst forth. He couldn't stop it any more. He didn't even want to try.

“Oh,” he heard Jade gasp and step back. “Oh wow.”

Urine hissed out and soaked his trousers, puddling around his feet on the front step. Wave, after wave of euphoria crashed down on him as he felt his bladder finally start to deflate. It took almost a full minute for him to regain any semblance of control. Jade had left the garden, presumably out of disgust.

He almost didn't care. He felt relieved for the first time all day, even though he hadn't emptied himself completely. His bladder still wanted to expel the rest, but he'd embarrassed himself quite enough today. He couldn't even speak, he was so relieved. His trousers clung to him alarmingly, and if he'd been alone, he would have used them to good effect. But it wasn't to be.

A second later, Jade came around the corner again, this time with towels. She stepped right into the puddle and handed them to him with a chagrined look. “Sorry I got in your way, Mikey. You must have been bursting.”

Mike gave a half smile, his cheeks reddening. “Not any more,” he joked, though it was very nearly a lie. He still needed to empty himself at the earliest opportunity. “There was a big traffic jam on the freeway,” he gave by way of excuse. She didn't really need to know any more details than that. He definitely wasn't about to tell her he'd made himself desperate on purpose.

Jade's flip flops slapped in the puddle as she stepped back. It was like she didn't even care that she was standing in his piss. “Well, it happens,” she waved it off, and looked down at the puddle. Mike grasped the towel in awkwardly in his hands, waiting for the laughter. But she surprised him again.

“That's a hell of a lot of pee. You must really have been dying for the loo,” she said, and he thought he caught a faint note of wonder in her voice. He definitely didn't miss the blush that dusted her cheeks and the back of her neck. Wait. Did she...like this?

Mike decided to test the theory.

“Yeah. I was. I forgot to go this morning, and then I just got distracted at work,” he said, letting the towel hang over his arm, exposing his sodden trousers. Her delicate eyebrows shot up.

“You've been holding on since this morning? Wow!” OK. She was definitely impressed, and not shy about it at all. “That traffic jam must have been torture, then.”

Mike felt his breath catch in his throat as she looked up at him through her lashes. “I've never been so desperate to pee in my life. I thought I was going to ruin the company car.”

Jade was definitely blushing now, and she stepped back into his puddle, letting her flip flops splash in the liquid. “I'd have liked to see that,” she grinned, and bit her lip.

“Maybe next time,” he grinned back, his heart beating fiercely in his chest. He could hardly believe this was happening.

“Definitely next time,” she corrected him, and casually drawing circles in the puddle with her toe. “I'll be counting on it.”

Mike swallowed, a sudden spike of lust echoing through his veins. “What are you doing tonight?”

Jade grinned. “We read the festival times wrong. Dean's going tonight, but I was tossing up between tonight, or tomorrow morning. What did you have in mind?” she asked coyly.

“It's just that,” Mike shifted a bit. “I did drink a lot of water on the way home.”

Jade's eyes sparkled with mischief. “Did you?” she said impishly.

“I did,” he replied. His tired bladder twinged as he felt the water and the coffee continue to filter down to join the pee he'd been able to hold back once he'd regained control. “I kind of have to pee again already,” he confessed. "Quite a bit."

Jade licked her lips, and slowly and deliberately stepped forward until she had her hands on his hipbones. Her thumbs pressed inwards onto his tired bladder, and he flinched at the mixture of pleasure and pain that they wrought.

“I think you should hold it,” she whispered in his ear. “I think you should hold it for me.”

A shudder of pure lust wracked his body as he turned to look into her dark eyes. “How long until Dean leaves again?”

“Half an hour,” she replied. His exhausted bladder panged around the water that continued to trickle in.

“I'm not sure I can last that long,” he confessed. Jade leaned in a just barely dragged her lips across his. He could almost taste her lip gloss on the heat of her breath.

“You can,” she smiled. “You will hold it for as long as I tell you to hold it.”

Mike watched her as she took the towel and pressed it gently to his soaked legs. There was only one thing to say to something like that.

“Yes. I will.”

*002*2020-03-07 04:33

Thought I might post the second from the opposite perspective - not much desperation, just a proposition or two.

Jade brought out a spare pair of trousers for Mike as he stripped down in the back garden. She'd only moved in a few months ago, but it hadn't been long before she'd noticed that Mike often fidgeted his way through a movie when they had a night in, rather than get up and got up and use the bathroom. She might have thought it was accidental, except that he never ever set aside his beer, even if they were only half way through the movie. Even if he was already clearly desperate. He still kept drinking along with her, no matter what.

It fascinated her. Most of the time, she missed half the movie, because she was too busy looking at Mike trying not to squirm out of the corner of her eye. Even after squirming through a movie, he'd usually make himself busy washing the dishes, or go for an evening walk, rather than go directly to the bathroom like most people would after holding on so long. She didn't understand why he didn't just go and relieve himself. He clearly needed it. But she couldn't deny that she loved it when he kept holding. It made her want to follow him around and keep him occupied until he couldn't hold back any more. But so far, she'd never seen him lose control. Until today.

When she'd seen Mike rush in with his hands clenched deep in his pockets, she knew he must have been close to losing it. He might even be losing it at that very moment. She had to see it happen. So she followed him towards the house. She heard the frantic knocking as she climbed the steps, and heard Dean's reply. Dean was in the bathroom. Perfect!

Jade could hear Mike's frantic shuffling steps and piteous whimpers as he bolted back towards the garden door. She barely had the time to step back from the door before it slammed open. Mike's face was the very picture of utter desperation as he spied her blocking his path. A small wet patch had already spread down his leg, but somehow, he was still holding on. His belly was protruding behind the open button of his trousers, and she realized with shock that it was his bladder. It was huge! Jade dampened as a sudden wave of arousal flooded her body. She wanted to touch it - to see what it felt like - to see the expression on his face as she pushed down. But that would definitely giver her away. Instead, she had to delay him. If nothing else, she wanted to see him soaked.

“Oh, Mike, I thought that was you,” she said, trying to keep the heat out of her voice. His face was crumpling in agony in front of her as his legs crossed double. He bent and shifted and danced in front of her as he tried to see a way past. “What's wrong?” she asked, angling her body to block the path more thoroughly. As if she didn't know what was wrong. She just needed to delay him a few seconds more. Surely he couldn't hold on much longer.

She was right. A second later he groaned and his face scrunched up in pain. Or was it pleasure? A second or two after that, he started to swear under his breath, and she heard a loud hissing from waist height. Jade stepped backwards so she was on the second step, a bit closer to eye height with Mike's bladder as it emptied itself with the force of a fire hose. How could there be so much coming out at once? It was incredible.

“Oh wow,” she heard herself say, and immediately clamped down on her reaction. Mike panted in front of her as the urine just kept coming and coming. It was running down the concrete steps now, pooling on the landing. How could one person hold so much? Her cheeks grew hot as she looked from the puddle, to Mike's blissful face. Incredible.

She wanted to watch him finish, and see the realization of what he'd done wash over his face, but she needed to leave before he came back to himself. If she hurried, she could at least paint herself as helpful and concerned, rather than hot and bothered.

Jade quickly went to grab some towels from the bathroom, almost running in to Dean on his way out. If Mike had been able to hold it in just one minute more, he'd have made it to the toilet. But given the melon-sized bladder she'd seen pressing tightly against his unfastened waistband, she was surprised his control hadn't given out sooner. Just thinking about it made her ache with a fierce lust. She really wanted to go back to her bedroom, lock the door and think about it for the rest of the night, but she had to get some towels.

She told Dean to go and unload the dishwasher while she put the clothes on to wash. She couldn't let him go outside and see Mike. She could do that much for him at least.

She grabbed the dirty towels from the bathroom to cover her excuse of doing the washing, and a clean towel for Mike to dry himself down with, and then went back outside.

The puddle was huge. Apparently Mike had been holding back a small lake right before he'd burst in front of her. It made her wonder exactly how much he must have been holding back every time they watched movies together. If he could hold this much before he exploded, then it must take a lot to make him squirm. And he squirmed a lot during their movie watching sessions. Jade suddenly couldn't wait for their next film night.

Jade stepped into the puddle and handed Mike the clean towel, admiring the way his sodden trousers clung to his calves. She pulled a face as she forced herself not to give in and reach out to touch them. Instead, she said: “Sorry I got in your way, Mikey. You must have been bursting.”

He looked ashamed, and still a bit uncomfortable. “Not any more,” he half laughed, and rubbed his neck. “There was a big traffic jam on the freeway.”

Jade tried not to show how it effected her as she imagined him stuck in traffic, bladder distended and desperate to release as the traffic moved ever so slowly forward. She wished she could have been in the passenger seat.

“Well, it happens,” she said in a flimsy attempt to hide her desire to splash around in the puddle. There was so much of it. “That's a hell of a lot of pee. You must have been dying,” she let slip, before she could help herself. Her face immediately felt hot, as if she'd confessed her desire aloud. She almost had.

“Yeah. I was.” he replied, and suddenly he had her full attention. He was going to tell her about it! She could almost hear the blood rush under her skin. “I forgot to go this morning, and then I just got distracted at work,” he swung the towel over his arm, almost deliberately. His pants still glistened in the sun, adding one drip at a time to the puddle. Wait, was he...?

Hold on. Since this morning? He'd not peed since last night? He'd needed to pee since this morning. She couldn't help the expression of wonder that passed over her face. “You've been holding on since this morning? Wow!” She wanted to know more. And for some reason, she thought he wanted to tell her. She wasn't about to stop him. In fact...

“That traffic jam must have been torture, then,” she injected a little heat into her voice. Just enough that he'd pick up on it if he was looking for it. But then again, men were never that good at picking up signals. Maybe she should be a bit more obvious...

““I've never been so desperate to pee in my life. I thought I was going to ruin the company car,” he offered after she all but winked at him.

“I'd have liked to see that,” she grinned impishly, and bit her lip as she felt the warm liquid splash around her flip flops. She felt like they might be on the same page finally. At least, she hoped they were.

“Maybe next time,” he grinned at her, his hand gripping the towel tightly in front of his crotch.

Oh yes. They were on the same page. But just in case there was any doubt...

“Definitely next time,” she insisted. “I'll be counting on it.” She saw the blush creep up his neck as she dragged her toes through the puddle.

And then told her something she could barely believe. He hadn't emptied himself yet. That massive puddle she had been standing in was not even the whole amount he had been holding. He still had to pee. She couldn't help it. She had to touch him. She watched the shiver wrack his body as she dug her hands in around his hips, her thumbs searching for the bulge that had protruded from his waistband earlier. It was not firm by any means, but his bladder was obviously still very sensitive to touch. She wanted to see it full again. Immediately. She wanted to touch it when it was taut and quivering. She wanted to push into it and see what noises he would make as he tried to hold it all inside.

So she told him. She told him that he would not pee again until she allowed him to, and saw his eyes darken as he agreed.

Jade handed Mike the pair of trousers she'd picked out for him. Tight ones. She'd made sure of that. She saw the look of apprehension on his face as he took them from her, and realized what she had planned. Half an hour until Dean left.

Jade grinned at Mike as he bent to put the pants on, and went to water the garden by the steps. The water from the hose would explain the puddle, just in case Dean came outside, and the towels in the wash could go in with Mike's soaked pair of pants.

Mike came back over to her after changing and she saw him shift uncomfortably at the sight of her watering the garden. The skinny jeans were tight against his legs, and snug over his hips and stomach. It had barely been 10 minutes since his accident, but he already looked fidgety. Jade bit her lip as he adjusted himself in front of her.

“You need to go again already?” she asked quietly, and he nodded.

“I didn't let everything go earlier, and I did drink an entire bottle of water and half a coffee on the way home.”

Jade's eyes widened. He hadn't caught when he'd mentioned it earlier, but she was sure of it now. He'd deliberately made himself desperate. He didn't just hold his morning pee through the day. He'd planned ahead and brought a bottle of water with him to make him more desperate on the way home.

“Plus, my bladder's a bit tired now, so it really wants to just let everything go,” he continued, pressing his fingers into his abdomen gently. There was a little give beneath his fingers, but she could see that it still made him wince.

“You seem to know a lot about this,” she turned the hose on to a single stream setting, letting the water trickle out and splash. She saw him swallow as he watched. “You like to hold it, don't you?” she let the water run over her hands, making interesting noises as it pooled in her palm.

He couldn't keep his eyes from it as he nodded.

“I noticed,” she smiled, and motioned for him to hold out his hands. He held them out and she ran the water over them as he washed them. He shifted his legs together minutely as he shook them dry. “It's hot,” she admitted. “Seeing you get desperate through a movie – it's hot.”

“You noticed that?” he looked up at her shame-faced as he dried off his hands.

“To be honest, I don't remember half the movies we've watched.”

“Were you watching me?” he asked, and she couldn't deny it.

“I even slipped you more beer when you ran out.”

“Shit. That was deliberate? I was trying to pace myself to I wouldn't get too full early on, but every time I finished my beer, you'd have another one ready for me.”

Jade laughed, embarrassed as she turned away to hang up the hose. “It was a game at first. I thought you were being stubborn, so I wanted to make you admit defeat and pause the movie. But you never did.” Jade turned back to him and gave him a half smile. “And then you started delaying it longer – going for walks, or doing chores when you were clearly dying to pee. I even timed it so that I would be in the shower when you got back from your walk once. I hoping to hear you plead through the door, but you never even knocked.”

“Fuck!” he said as sudden understanding lit up his expression. “I almost pissed myself that night. I heard the shower going, and barely made it back to the garden. I was almost sprung by Dean when he came home, too.”

“Too bad I missed it,” she lamented. “But you can make up for it tonight. I have a movie or two I've been meaning to watch, and I bought a six pack of beers just yesterday.”

Mike pressed his legs together. “I'm not even sure I'll last until Dean leaves,” he gave a nervous laugh. “How long until he goes out?”

Jade looked at the time on her phone and said “about 15 minutes.” Mike swore again and shifted uncomfortably.

“Can I pee first, and then do the hold through the movie like a usually do?” he looked down at her hopefully, and she could see the splay of his fingers as they dug under the tight waistband of his pants to relieve the pressure.

“No,” she replied immediately, and he hummed in distress. “Are you really that full again? Already?”

“Sort of,” he confessed. “I won't lose it yet, I think, but I can never be sure with a second hold.”

“Then you'll hold it until I say?” she suggested, and watched him nod in pained agreement as he tugged the waistband of his pants free of his skin again. “Can I touch it?” she asked.

He looked at her curiously, and followed her gaze down to his aching bladder. “I guess,” he agreed, and removed his hand from his waistband.

Jade reached out to touch Mike's belly, and cupped the flesh there. Just beneath the warm skin, she could feel the organ, round and tight, but with a little give in it when she pressed harder. Above her, Mike hissed through his teeth.

“Careful!”

Jade pulled her hand back quickly, and saw Mike's hand make a grab for his crotch. He stopped it before he got there, and managed to control himself with a clench of his muscles and some frenzied wriggling.

She wanted to touch it again. She wanted to push him down and grind into it until he was a whimpering mess. But there was time to work up to that. For now, she needed to see how far she could push his limits.

“Do you think you could watch a movie with me?” she asked coyly. She saw the doubt on his face immediately, but she could work with doubt.

“I don't think...”

“Do you think you could make it through a movie if I gave you some...help?” Jade emphasized her meaning by slowly and deliberately tracing her hand up the front of Mike's tight jeans.

She saw him reconsider, and smiled. Yes. She could definitely work with doubt.

“I can try,” he answered finally. “But we'd have to start the movie right now.”

Jade grinned. “I have no objection to that,” she replied, and gave him a soft squeeze through his trousers.

“Any idea of the movie?” he asked huskily.

Jade grinned.

“I have a few ideas.”

