Mission Complete (Valorant)

Author: JackFrost16

*000*2020-07-04 16:01

Reyna felt the wind blow across her skin and knew a battle was brewing. She had been waiting in a small alcove in the Asian style architecture found in Haven. She had been there for quite some time just waiting for any rival agents to appear. Her dark clothing allowed her to stay relatively unnoticeable in the shadowy corner where she now stood. Reyna suddenly heard footsteps in her area. Quickly she hunkered down as her senses went on high alert. She grimaced as she felt a few drops of urine hit the fabric of her panties . A full bladder was the least of Reyna's concerns however, as the footsteps started to get closer.

Jett carefully made her way toward the bomb site, checking corners as she went. her job was simple. Get in plant the spike, get out. That didn't mean t was going to be easy. The fabric of the Korean girl's pants rustled as she moved along the corridor. She clutched her vandal assault rifle in her hands. Looking at her map Jett saw that the bomb site was just around the next corner. She shivered in anticipation, and felt her abdomen clench. She had never done particularly well at keeping her clothes dry during tense situations. More often than not Jett could be seen exiting a battle with a large stain covering her pants. She would just have to hope this time was different. It was showtime.

As Reyna stared down the scope of her operator sniper rifle, she saw a flash of movement to her right. Instinctively she fired a shot and dove behind cover. Crouching, Reyna made her way to a large stack of boxes which would provide both cover and good sight lines. It was imperative that she stay a good distance from her target as her sniper would be much less effective up close.

Similarly, Jett was also crouched down behind a box. However she was not thinking about battle tactics. Instead she was focused on not wetting her pants. That shot had been too close for comfort even with her advanced mobility. Already a small stain had become visible on her grey sweat pants. After a moment of frantic holding Jett began to calm down. She had seen a flash of purple on the other side of the bomb site, meaning her adversary was none other than Reyna. She was in for a long battle.

Reyna stood behind the boxes as she tried to calm her breathing. Her bladder was closing in on its breaking point, but Reyna was unable to do anything about it as taking her attention off of the battle could cost her a lot more than a change of pants. Suddenly a thought came to her. She concentrated and summoned a ball of dark energy in her hand. She threw it around the boxes and after a few seconds she peeked out and looked for a shot.

Jett had seen the sphere hurtling toward her and froze. It exploded mere feet in front of her and suddenly she could see only darkness. With her vision limited to only her immediate surroundings, Jett acted off pure instinct. She used her tailwind ability to instantly dive for any kind of cover. Fortunately she found it. Diving behind a small stone wall, Jett heard the sharp whizz of a bullet and felt the air of the passing shot on her neck.

Her breath came in gasps as she sat behind the wall. her back was pressed against the stones as she felt another unpleasant sensation. She groaned as she looked down and confirmed her suspicions. Once again she would not be leaving with clean pants. Her bladder was completely voiding itself with no input from Jett required. The small stain that had resider on her pants before quickly grew as the Korean pissed her self. Her pee poured through her pants forming a puddle on the ground. The warm liquid pooled below her thighs and ass, as well as continuing to spread out ward.

Jett's thoughts were rudely interrupted however when she remembered her current situation. She wanted this fight to be over as quickly as possible. She grabbed her gun and was ready to take the fire fight when she realized one important thing was missing. The spike. She frantically scanned her surroundings before realizing that it was nowhere to be found. With no spike, no plan, and a very gross pair of pants, Jett decide to throw in the towel. Slowly backing up Jett moved past the wall she was hiding behind, and with out hesitation, dashed towards an open door way. She heard another shot go off, and her bladder responded by sending what little pee it still contained into her underwear. This resulted in a one second stream, nothing compared to its release earlier. Jett ran down the corridor at a sprint. She would live to fight another day.

Reyna saw the other woman running and knew she had won. Although her adversary had lived, the bomb had not been planted making the mission a success. Reyna didn't feel like celebrating though. As soon as she had seen Jett run away she had dropped her weapon and hunched over hands between her legs. Her bladder was screaming for release, and unless Reyna found a toilet now, it would do so in her pants.

Reyna started to hobble down the cobblestone streets of Haven as she scanned desperately for a place to relive herself. Walls and boxes passed by with little recognition as Reyna focused fully on her new objective. She even failed to notice the puddle created by her opponent, hidden behind one wall. After a solid ten minutes of searching, however, Reyna knew there was no hope. With a whimper and a shiver, she lost control.

Reyna stood frozen as her bladder emptied, piss rushing into her pants. Immediately, the already dark material covering her crotch deepened in hue. She felt her legs warm as the urine poured down her tan thighs. A puddle began to form on the ground as the pee made its way to the ground. Reyna could only stare in shock as she peed her pants. After a full three minute accident Reyna continued her walk in a daze. Her mission had been completed but at the cost of her dignity.

