Omo girls high

Author: Joey1234

*000*2019-06-08 21:53

This story is based in an all girls high school where for some unforseen reason makes girls (and teachers) constantly need to pee. thus the school had to install more toilets to deal with the overwhelming amount of girls needing to pee going so far as to install squat toilets to save money. funny thing no one acts any differently at the school and there is still a bathroom policy meaning students may not always have permission to pee. these story's will follow a girl called Amy who has recently just transferred to this school and has no knowledge on the effect it has on girls.

Chapter 1

Amy was hesitant as she walked through the gates of her knew school as she had not really met any students when she had gotten shown around and she almost felt a chill down her spine as she walked through the doors and headed towards the rectors office (rector being what a principle would be referred as in the UK) whilst she walked around the school towards her office in her school uniform she noticed there were quite a lot of bathrooms in fact there was nearly one on every floor much different than her old school which only had two large bathroom one for boys and one for girls in fact a she doors swung open she saw a lot of the bathrooms were occupied even though it was still early in the morning she thought they must have missed their morning pees at home as she arrived at the office and knocked at the door.

The door then was opened and standing their was a tall slim woman in with almost frizzy black hair greeting her with a smile "hello you must be Amy I'm your rector Mrs May" Amy greeted her with a hello and she was lead into her office which already had a pupil waiting for her an average height slim girl with brown hair who was introduced to her as her guide to the school who's name was Jasmine.

They shook hands and Amy was given her time table by Mrs May and they were on their way together as they shared all the same classes "Mrs May seems nice" said Amy trying to make some conversation "oh she is" she replied. she continued by saying she would show her around as the day went on as they shared the same classes it was at this moment that Amy was feeling a small need to pee in her bladder. she thought to herself that it was strange as she went to the toilet before she left the liquids she drank shouldn't be making it down their already she shrugged it off as they were nearly at class and she didn't want to announce her need to pee in front of a girl she just met.

Slowly they both prodded into class which was maths and she was introduced to her maths teacher miss johns and took a seat at the back with Jasmine helped her understand what the heck that teas her was talking about but as the class went on her need to pee grew which caused her to be slightly uncomfortable. when the class was near over jasmine told Amy she had two other friends called Danielle and Mary who would be cool with her hanging out with them. the bell for the next class rang which then made them both go to their next class which luckily for her was biology which she was good at.

The class started with the teacher going on about animal parts and such, standard biology stuff. but at the same time her need to pee was growing faster than usual by her standards and halfway through the class she was forced to cross and uncross her legs to relieve the rapidly growing pressure in her bladder and by the end of the 50 minute period she had to place a hand in her crotch to relieve the pressure.

The class ended and her and Jasmine headed towards her final class before break luckily for her this class was close to a bathroom bad news being she had to go so bad that she could barely focus but when she glanced to jasmine she noticed she had her hand at we crotch and was staring at the door Amy thought to herself "she must have to pee too it seems like forever but the final bell finally went and when it did both girls ran out of class and ran for the nearest bathroom Amy burst in first hand in only to see all three stalls taken and one girl with her legs crossed grabbing her skirt saying "hurry up and finish I'm about to leak!"

Amy then heard the girl from inside the stall reply with "be patient I'm emptying gallons here ive had to since before I left home Jasmine then ran in the room also holding her crotch and saying " oh hey Mary " she didnt get a response Amy guessed the petite brown haired girl at the front was Mary the stall the door opened and standing inside was a tall developed girl who Jasmine referred to as Danielle Mary pushed and past her and ran in the stall locking it behind her leaving Amy and Jasmine out holding their crotches listening to Mary's loud stream of pee hitting the toilet bowl followed by a moan another stall opened with a girl walking out of it Jasmine gestured to Amy to go in and She ran in locking the door behind her she then raised her skirt lowered her leggings before sitting on the toilet and releasing a thick powerful stream from her pee hole she sat on the toilet puffing and panting while her stream kept on going it was well over a minute before it stopped.

She then wiped pulled up her pants and leggings and then walked out of the stall to find Jasmine bolting past her into the stall to leave her outside with Mary and Danielle both girls stared at each other before Danielle said to her and said "Jasmine didn't tell you this school secret did she " Amy looked at the both and said "what secret"

To be continued

*002*2019-06-08 22:48

{{39 minutes ago, warham1995 said:

You know,this story reminds me of that rpg that has the same kind of premise but has a teacher instead of a student going to a school with a interesting secret.

}}

If you're a talking about what I think you are then it was kind of an inspiration for this

*005*2019-06-09 20:08

Chapter 2

It was now lunch time and Amy and Jasmine were sitting at a table talking to each other whilst Mary and Danielle were both in a nearby toilet emptying their again desperate bladders " so Jasmine, what's this secret you never told me"

Jasmine looked at her sighed and said "no one knows why but all students in this school have very overactive bladders and are constantly needing to pee so much so that the school has had to install more bathrooms because so many girls were peeing themselves" Amy looked at her and said "this can't be true " the response she got was "do need to go now " Amy then realised that an urge to pee was developing inside her that she should probably deal with. Jasmine then said "if you continue doing what your doing you will end up pissing your pants everyone at this school has done it except for me and my friends, wanna know why?"

Amy nodded " pee anywhere but your pants " Amy looked confused " by that I mean be willing to pee anywhere bushes,bins,bottles on the floor all three of us have done it and we have never gotten caught "

Amy looked extremely surprised by this news and said "all of you have done it?" Jasmine replied with "one time when the line was too long all three of us had to pee in the sink other wise we would have pee d in our pants " Amy just stared at her before realising what she was saying must be true as their was no other way her need to pee could grow so quickly.

Amy then decided it would be a good idea to go pee now as she was growing quite desperate "hey Jasmine I'm gonna go pee now " Jasmine then said "I need to go to " both girls went to the nearest toilet only to find a line of 13 girls in front of her all looking desperate to pee Amy got in the back of the line and had to dig her hands in her crotch to hold back the flow Jasmine looked at her and knew she wouldn't make it and neither would she she tapped her on the shoulder and told her to come with her as she would find her another place to pee Amy followed her and was lead to behind the school where she was ordered to squat and pee there at first she refused but her mind was changed when a spurt escaped into her underwear leaving a small wet patch she then hiked up her skirt lowered her leggings and panties before squatting low.

She then relaxed her holding muscles and letting out her flow of urine at first it was mainly a small trickle but it soon turned into a thick stream that poured out of her as Jasmine kept watch once her stream ceased she pulled her lower clothing up and let Jasmine pee as well while she kept watch whilst she was watching she noticed Jasmine was peeing very loudly not like her who always pee'd quietly. when her stream cut off both girls headed into school to meet up with Mary and Danielle

To be continued

*007*2019-10-21 15:37

Hey so I thought I'd try and revive this series with some new ideas and different characters if anyone who hasn't read the previous parts wants to know what this is about just read the first bit of text of the first post.

Part 3

Taylor

Taylor awoke to the sound of her alarm clock at 7am as usual and after she sat up she saw her school uniform sitting on her chair as it had been the night before. She had prepared her uniform herself specifically as this week was the week of the schools annual drug test and she would be tested today. Not that she ever did drugs herself but the school district insisted everyone be tested but with the circumstances of the school she went to that provided some other problems. Due to the show effect on the students bladder and the fact that most people had to visit the toilet multiple times after the drug test she always struggled to make it to the toilet in time, last year specifically she wasn't able to make it to the toilet and wet her pants in the bathroom due to the line of girls who also had the test. Though luckily no one mocked her as girls wetting themselves on the day of the test was quite normal in fact multiple girls wet themselves that day.

But this year she was prepared and had been training her bladder for this day along with other preparation which she would look out later. In the meantime she still had to get ready for school and she started by going to the toilet(after informing her parents that she was up do her mother could make breakfast for her) as she always had to go when she got up. Once she was I the bathroom and had privacy she removed her pyjamas bottoms and sat herself down on the toilet releasing a nights worth of urine into the toilet.

After finishing in the toilet and having a shower Taylor returned to her room to get dressed. Once she was dressed her school uniform she started to gather her things for school. Sure there was the stuff like books and such but for today she had some extra equipment. Firstly she made Sure to pack a spare pair of panties in case she leaked on her inevitable second or third trips to the toilet after the test. The next thing was a super absorbent pad which she would wear under her panties just in case she leaked so it wouldn't show so easily. The last item that she brought was a large empty thermos so that it push came to shove she could just dart behind the school and pee in it if the lines were too long.

With all her gear Taylor headed down the stairs for her breakfast and when she sat down at the table she had her usual bowl and cereal and a large cup of coffee which she would pee out of her system before the drug test. After the coffee she also had an extra glass of orange juice before heading out of the door to catch her bus.

When she arrived at the bus stop she was the only one there as none of her friends lived near there. When the bus arrived she got on and took a seat at the back by herself as she normally did and just stared out the window waiting for her stop and praying she had the strength to hold on after the drug test.

When the bus pulled up at her school she got off along with the other students and walked the last 5 minutes to the school to see her friend Maddie at the gates waiting for her. The two greeted each other and walked to their lockers to put their unneccisary books away for the meantime and whilst walking through the halls the girls got to taking about the drug test. Maddie asked her if she had what she needed to which she said yeah and Maddie replied saying she would bring the same stuff that she had when it was her turn to be tested as the tests were in alphabetical order of last name and Maddie would not have her test till later next week.

The bell soon rang and the two girls parted ways as neither had first period together and on her way to class Taylor walked past the bathroom to see it filled with girls who had to go. Luckily she didn't have to go right now but she knew soon she would and she would have to try her best to hold it.

