The boy, The girl and the zombies

Author: Jim wet

*000*2021-11-17 18:02

Attention! ANIME STYLE

Tokyo. The year is 2045. Armageddon... Death came imperceptibly ... it just burst out of nowhere, destroyed almost the entire population of Japan ... and ... the whole world in principle ... People just became ... cannibals ... eating all living things that they see ... A group of people were able to recapture the former hotel from the zombies, turning it into a base to protect the survivors, from a small group of 7 people, they became a huge diaspora to which 20 more came. But history will tell us about one of them, the first of the seven ... Heddohiro Horasi. A 14-year-old boy with beautiful blue hair covering the back of his head, not tall and slender, despite his 14 he was not tall, his delicate features were spoiled by a small scar on his cheek, his eyes were incredibly beautiful heavenly color.

There was also one annoying factor ... a high voice ... not very, but decently high ... if not for the slightly masculine features and a boy's figure ... although this did not help and very often he was confused with a girl, and among the girls themselves he was considered weak, only one admired him ... (but more on that later) even his own sister did not see anything useful in him ... and this ... incredibly angry, especially when they hear whispers about your uselessness .. ... Fate gave him a chance one day ... but he did not know how it would end.

- Some bitch stole the medicine! And you forgive her ?! -

Fukucho Otoko ... an incredibly evil guy ... and how did she just look at him ?!

- I do not forgive her Fukucho! I just understand her in some way! -

The girl with dark blue hair screamed back on her boyfriend, she looked like Heddo, but was clearly more feminine. Unofficially, she was one of the leaders of their group, beautiful, kind and strong, but she was not always like that to her brother, often criticizing him for weakness and ... cowardice ... yes, he was not the bravest ... unlike Fuku ... no matter how harmful he was ... you have to admit that if it were a fucking anime, he would be such a stereotypical protagonist! At first he was a nerd with a good physique, handsome and intelligent. And he is useless! Even in the eyes of his own sister !!!

- OK, then ... what if someone from the group gets sick? Will there be no necessary medicines? What are we going to do Sijugara ?! And if Heddo gets sick ?! Let's be honest ... he's not the strongest! -

Heddo's hands clenched into fists painfully ...

His knuckles turned pale, if he had had the courage, he would have knocked out and punched Fuku ... however ... then he will receive for eavesdropping, and Fuku himself is 6 years older than him ... and stronger ... and taller. ..

- Heddo! ... Heddo ... you're right ... - teeth gnawed at each other from resentment ... his own sister ... the closest person after the death of his parents ...

- Forgive me ... Heddo is not one of the strongest people ... -

The sobs of his sister are heard, he always sobbed after a quarrel and he is weak ... now tears came out of his eyes, resentment and anger ... he is not weak! He ... he will prove! He left realizing that these two would solve their problems ... in their own way ... and I don't want to listen to his sister's lustful moans ... The fist wiped away the tears that rained down her cheeks ... he was not weak ... not weak ... He knew what kind of bastard he was talking about ... that whore ...

If you can call it that. That old house from which goosebumps ran ... he and she were the only ones who were lucky enough to survive during one of the sorties, then it turned out that she did not give all the supplies ... "Tell someone ... I'll tell how scared you were and ran away while the others were being eaten ..." The blonde grinned cruelly ...

- And you really want to go yourself without knowing where? -

Isabelle ... a pink-haired and red-eyed girl, only a year younger than the guy, a lively girl, always cheerful and with a fighting character ... and at the same time Heddo was the only one with whom she was surprisingly incredibly kind ... climbed to hug ... and the character immediately disappeared when they went out on sorties together, she worried about him, although she herself often joked about the fact that his hair was even longer, he would look like a girl.

- Yes! -

The young man boldly cut off while standing at the entrance, he understood that his girlfriend would not give him up, she never gave him up like that.

- Do you understand what kind of criticism this is ?! -

The girl growled.

- Yes!!! -

The guy began to raise his voice, he was annoyed by this behavior ...

- Don't make yourself responsible! -

He turned around feeling his anger rising.

- How else if you behave so childishly ?! -

The girl argued, although really, usually it was she who was the cheerleader, but now that the best one ... "FRIEND" is ready to take such stupid risks, although he is usually a tactician and he himself discourages her from her actions ...

- I ... childish ?! -

The youth growled

- Yes! -

- Screw you! Did you even watch your behavior ?! You always act like the last idiot! You almost jump into the teeth of a zombie, laughing and smiling like this world is a joke !!! Why, for the sake of lollipops, you will soon render vulgar services to raiders ... do you remember school? How did you serve that seller for the sake of three pitiful cigarettes ... -

There was the sound of a slap ... The guy turned around to strike back ... but saw tears appear in the corners of her eyes, and her lips trembled ... he first saw her crying ... and the worst thing is that he brought her ...

- Sorry I... -

He spread his arms for a hug, but she abruptly backed away ...

- You ... you ... fuck you! I hate you, everyone is right about you! You fucking freak ... -

Streams of tears rolled down the girl's cheeks ...

Even though the guy was unpleasant to hear this, he understood that he was to blame, because she really was his only friend ... since those days without the apocalypse.

- Go wherever you want Heddo! -

The girl turned around and walked away ...

***

The dead ... there were an incredible number of them ... fear gripped the boy from within, and ... in ... the bladder became uncomfortable ...

- God, maybe I will regret it for a long time -

1 ... 2 ... 3 ... The blue-haired man abruptly ran across the narrow street, hoping to remain unnoticed among the crowd of walking dead ... fortunately, this house was not far from the camp ... and he could not cope with a woman! There is nothing to be afraid of! ... except the crowd of the dead ... The house ... slowly the guy opens the door, but suddenly he stopped ... goosebumps suddenly ran over his skin ...

***

- You know ... you have a very beautiful face -

Sharp nails lifted the boy's head, his blue eyes blinked as he began to regain consciousness, the guy's long hair was wet with ... water? The last thing he remembered was as something hard hitting him in the head ... when in front of him he saw the familiar purple eyes and long blonde braids, then an understanding of what had happened came ... He only wanted to throw himself at the girl as something stuck into his skin ... a rope.

- Yes ... all the same, you really look like a girl somewhere -

The nails let go of the boy's chin, slightly scratching it.

- And your hair is as long as a girl's ... do you want to braid your braids? -

This smile ... evil and cruel, surprisingly only Heddo and Fuku saw it.

- God, did this bum Fuku send you here? Or your sister? Ahh ... yeah ... you probably want to impress this fool ... what's her name ... do you think she'll jump on your neck with kisses if you bring the medicine back? -

There was a giggle, as unpleasant as her smile ...

- Then you are definitely a dumbass! So she changes with your presence alone! From a groovy girl to a princess in trouble! Hmm ... like I said you look like a girl yourself ... maybe she's just half lesbian? Such a fool ... -

- Shut up! - The teenager barked, perhaps he saw in her insult his today's quarrel with her. Conscience tormented him even in such a situation ...

- You have no right to say such things about her, you bastard! -

- Oh, what interesting words do you know ... and this is our quiet Heddo? -

- Don't you dare tell something about Isabelle, my sister or her boyfriend! Not about any of them! Or ... Or ... I ... I ... -

- What? Complaining to mommy? Oh yes ... this function is now performed by your sister! And who is daddy? Is it really a bummer? -

The death of a mother ... a sore subject ... usually when they lifted her Heddo reluctantly burst into tears ... and constantly this blonde tried to touch her on her own.

- Shut up! -

The boy growled, a moment ... and a transparent saliva is sent to the girl's cheek ... The smile for the first time disappeared from the girl's face ...

- What? Unpleasant ?! Get out of the whole group, you bastard! -

There was the sound of a slap in the room ... tears began to appear from the corners of the eyes ...

- All right, that's enough! -

Her voice rang out ... the handkerchief slowly passed over the cheek ...

- Know, personally, I expected to quickly get rid of you, maybe I even left a pack of medicine with your corpse, at least somewhere it would be useful for my pseudo group. Your sister would be proud of you for at least two minutes. -

- Wha ... What? -

- But now ... since you are such a bitch ... impudent ... and at the same time beautiful as a girl ... why don't I humiliate you? ... for the last time, because I often did this ... -

- What will you do? ... -

The captive boldly raised his head.

- You have already said what you could in these half a year ... insulted everyone I knew, now what are you going to do, you fool? -

- Hah ... -

A sleepy smile appeared on the lips of the survivor ...

- You know ... I have a lot of water ... - She slowly approached his face ...

From her breath goosebumps ran through the teenager's skin ... despite the beauty, she was a frightening person.

- Have you ever pissed yourself? -

- Wh ... what ?! -

The youth's cheeks turned red, his eyes widened and turned white.

- You heard ... damn ... I can't kill you ... you're too cute ... let's do something else... -

She put a finger to her chin pretending to be thoughtful.

- Hold this ... exactly one hour! And then, I POSSIBLY give you a chance to leave ... but! If your pants get wet ahead of time ... -

The girl's hand went into her bosom ... a moment ... and now she has a gun in her hand ... the teenager's eyes widened ...

- You will be found dead, half eaten by the dead, and even all in your own urine ... -

The plastic bottle opened with a distinctive sound ...

- Do you know the movie "Saw"? Drink or die ... your choice, well ... let's start ... - The bottle sharply pressed against the boy's lips, the water began to penetrate into the mouth forcibly, some of its streams poured out on the young Horashi's dark blue sweatshirt from the violent action. The boy himself did not notice how the bottle was emptied ... the teenager coughed as soon as the bottle was torn from his lips, the pain and the rope squeezing his stomach prevented him from catching his breath eyes were wide open with fear, pain and ... understanding that he would not be able to cope ... he has never had such a huge bladder ...

***

- Isabelle? -

A girl with long blue hair, in a blue robe so similar to Heddo, she was 6 years older than the boy ... Sijugara ...

A gentle hand carefully laid on the back of the sobbing figure of the girl.

- What's happened? -

She gently stroked her brother's friend on the back.

- Did you argue with Heddo? -

The sobbing teen nodded without removing her hands from her face ...

- Do you want to talk to him? Where is he by the way ... -

- He left!!! -

- What?! Where?! -

Heddo's older sister got nervous. She was afraid for her little brother ... he was the only one left of her old family ...

- For medicines! -

A teenager tore her hands off her tear-stained eyes

- God ... he's your boyfriend! Couldn't you stop him? -

- He's not my boyfriend! And I tried !!! I was worried and he ... and he ... called me a whore !!! -

- Oh my God ... okay ... I'm looking for him! Stay here ... and ... forgive me ... I don't know what came over him ... -

***

30 minutes, the guy's knees trembled, the rope seemed to shrink tighter on the thin body of the captive, a drop of sweat slowly rolled down his hair and, like a drop of rain, fell down shattered when falling to the floor ...

- You want to go to the toilet, right? Another half an hour ... -

- Shut up ... - The boy hissed.

- You can't do this to me ... you ... a pe*ophile! -

There was a female giggle ...

- Why did you become so cocky? For all 6 months you were quieter than WATER ... quieter than water ....... -

Her whispers and mention of liquid made the situation worse. So the bladder will not stand ... death ... death awaits him ... tears appeared in his eyes. He wants to go home ...

- I beg... -

- Sorry, what? -

- Please ... Siju ... take me home ... - Tears began to run down the teenager's eyes, his whole body trembled ...

- Sister, please! I want to go home! -

He threw up his head, the tears of the heifer on the cheeks leaving wet traces. This look ... like a hope ... a hope to see the only loved one ...

- Where are you?! Save me, it hurts! -

- Hahahah! Yes! Here he is the true Heddo !!! Damn, your poor sister is so nervous now, and you are here, you will call her to help like a little one !!! -

Evil laughter rang out throughout the room ... it seemed just a little bit more and it would completely destroy the entire building.

- Well enough ... it was funny before ... but now ... I'm tired of you ... -

Pistol load ... eyes widen in fear ...

- N! ... No! Wait, please! -

- No, that's enough diplomacy for me - The cold end of the pistol leans against my forehead ... The room ... burst into the sound of hiss ... The girl's eyes went down ...

A dark wet spot spread on the boy's pants, a yellow liquid appeared on the chair under him that flowed like a river ... and then, with the sound of a fall, it crashed on the floor ... The boy was still trembling, never letting go of his gaze ... - Jesus Heddo! You wet yourself! Damn yes! -

There was a disgusting laugh ... that's it ... now the scum will definitely hear them ...

- Holy crap ... you can't even hold back your urine! I thought that you were not such a loser! ... -

A shot rang out ... warm drops suddenly crashed into the boy's face ...

- H ... Heddo! -

A familiar voice ... and such familiar hands, press him to a warm shoulder ...

- All is well ... it's over ... -

Someone from behind untied the rope, freedom, but the boy did not even move ...

- Siju, in my opinion he ... -

- Yes, I see! -

The girl growled at the guy in response, although she understood that he was not going to sow her brother ...

- Okay ... damn ... this bitch must have clothes somewhere ... look in her bags please ... Fuku -

He was here too ...

- All is well Heddo, well done ... you ... were able to hold her ... you are very brave ... -

Thin girlish fingers slowly began to massage the top of the younger brother's head ... the guy did not move, he still could not believe that he was alive ...

- I found jeans here ... I think they will climb ... -

- Yes thank you... -

The boy could not get up, the poor blue-haired prisoner was shaking with shock ... even such familiar voices did not soothe, and this unpleasant sensation of moisture between his legs, he simply could not believe that he had let himself be humiliated ... Weak and useless ... he pee himself ...

- Heddo ... don't worry ... it doesn't matter ... -

- No, no ... no need to calm me down - He whispered, letting go of his head.

- I'm like a child ... useless, weak, cowardly ... instead of thinking, I ran to pick up medications ... and she kicked my ass in the end ... you know ... I got scared ... -

- Hey ... you ... don't be so strict about yourself ... -

- I ... I called you for help, instead of trying to come up with at least something ... I'm a pathetic worm -

There started a sob in the room ...

- No, you are not pathetic -

Fuku's hand fell on Heddo's shoulder. -You ... acted stupidly ... yes you were scared ... but ... in fact ... no one in the group would even dare to come here ... you ... you are really very brave Heddo, and smart ... -

The teenager turned to the brunette with yellow eyes

- Yes, in terms of physical parameters, you are not Arnold Schwarzenegger, but you are strong, in spirit -

***

- Isabelle ... - A voice rang out from behind, but the girl did not pay attention ... or she just pretended ...

- Isa! -

He called her by her friendly nickname.

- Are you going to talk to a whore ?! -

She turned around, tears flowing from her eyes, his heart was drenched in blood.

- Listen ... I-

- What?! "Services" to provide you ?! I’m just doing this, right ?! -

- No ... I just wanted to -

- And what will you pay with ?! You know, I'm not cheap ... -

Suddenly something interrupted her...

His lips cut into hers, the hands of a teenager pressed her in an embrace, not wanting to let go. Isabelle's eyes widened, tears still flowing down them ...

- Sorry... -

He said pulling away from her face.

- I ... I ... was just on emotions ... I don't think you are like that ... but honestly all those years I was jealous! I ... understood that you would never look at me more than at a friend and I could not come to terms with it! Sorry I... -

- Shut up Heddo ... -

Suddenly she kissed him again.

- You're an idiot. I also liked you since our first meeting -

They both laughed hugging, and the older sister of the teenager looked behind with a smile of pride.

- Your little brother is cool ... -

Added Fuku from behind.

- I know you are almost like him -

The girl laughed when the guy's hands took her.

