Erica and Luke

Author: Jaygoalpost124

*000*2026-02-12 23:29

Hi!!

First time writing a story on here! This story will contain mostly male desperation and some female desperation at the beginning in this first part. It will be a two part story!

Luke and Erica drove down the highway. They had been on the road on the way to visit Erica’s parents. It was the first time Luke was meeting them and he was feeling a little nervous about it, but he enjoyed spending the time in the car with his girlfriend. They had been on the road for about 8 hours so far and they only had about 3 hours left.

Erica was driving and she had been pounding coffee to stay awake on the long drive. Luke’s company had definitely also helped. She started thinking about how nice it was to take a weekend away from college for a change. She loved school but sometimes it could be a bit draining. This weekend all she had to think about was her family, her, boyfriend, and right now an open rode in the middle of the night. It was so peaceful. No homework, no essays, no pressure. She smiled softly enjoying the moment, than she was pulled out of her thoughts for a second by something else. All that coffee must be catching up to her. Shit. And there’s no where to stop because it’s literally 2:00 in the morning. 

“Hey Luke. Can I make a weird request?” She asked. What’s up?” Luke replied. “I kinda need to use the bathroom and you have a water bottle there. Do you think you might wanna chug it real quick so I could, ya know, um… use it?” She blushed slightly embarrassed but she knew there wasn’t a better option. She didn’t really wanna hold it for the rest of the trip. Luke looked a little surprised but he didn’t want his girlfriend to be in pain, so he nodded and he chugged the water. Erica fidgeted a little watching the water slide into his mouth. “Thanks! Sorry. I know this isn’t ideal.” Erica said as she pulled over. She quickly unbuttoned her jeans and pulled down her panties just enough so she could slide the bottle of water in between her legs, than she let go and felt her bladder empty. Luke looked away to make sure his girlfriend didn’t feel embarrassed or uncomfortable.

As the liquid existed Erica’s body she felt a warmth spread over her. Luke had no idea of course but she did have a little bit of a kink for this stuff. She never wanted to tell her boyfriend. He’s so sweet and so innocent. She couldn’t tell him she was into people needing to piss right? Of course, she did think it was adorable how he seemed to have a tiny bladder in comparison to her. This was the first time she had peed in over 5 hours, but Luke? He had asked her to pull over at least 4 times on this trip already. She thought it was so cute, but she always stopped for him. She wasn’t a monster and even if she enjoyed it a little bit, she’d never make him hold it in. As she finished peeing she was pulled out of her thoughts by the bottle being almost completely full.

“Thanks. Sorry about that.” Erica said. “I just really had to go and there are no stops around here that are open right now.” “Honestly, I’ve made us stop so many times on this trip already, I totally get it. When you gotta go you gotta go!” Luke said as he smiled at her. She loved that smile. He was so sweet! So caring.

They kept chatting to pass the time and about an hour later Luke spoke up. “Hey Erica. Are you sure there’s no place that would have a bathroom open?”

Erica frowned. “I doubt it. You can check the GPS.” Luke did as she suggested. Nothing. They had about 2 hours left on the road. Would he be able to hold it that long? Erica wondered. She felt bad. She made him chug that water bottle just so she could pee. Is that why he needed to go now? What made her feel even worse is that a part of her enjoyed this. A little bit at least. She wondered how bad he needed to go. Was his bladder getting fuller by the moment? Was his strong muscular body going to be able to hold in all that pee? She glanced over at him and saw that he had crossed his legs. He looked a little nervous too. He was adorable when he was nervous, and the reason for his nerves now was even more adorable.

A few minutes later Luke started to squirm more. He was starting to get desperate and Erica could tell. She blushed a little, embarrassed on how much this was turning her on. “You need to go pretty bad huh?” Erica asked. “Yeah…” Luke responded. “Sorry. That water I made you drink earlier probably didn’t help.” She said. “It’s ok. You needed to pee. I get it.” He said. “Thanks.” She responded. Part of Erica loved how he would do anything for her and that same part of her loved watching him squirm in his seat. Watching his legs cross back and forth. Watching him tap his foot nervously hoping he could make it. Would he make it? Only time would tell…

To be continued…

