Jess' Day of Sneaky Soakings!

Author: JMatthews1995

*000*2019-04-08 19:05

Jess had decided that Sunday would be an excitingly naughty day for her fetish. She was determined to get her self as horny as she possibly could today and her high kink mood was driving her naughty ideas!

She set her self the challenge of wetting her self in 5 naughty places! A list that she decided by keeping track of her normal day to day activities and then picking her 5 favorite places from those.

It was 6am when Jess work up. Soph was going away for the day with her family and Jess knew she had the whole day to her self. The first thing she did was go and pee. She wanted nice dilute pee today so began drinking plenty very early in the day. Luckily Soph got her off to a good start by bring her a nice big coffee.

Jess waited until Soph had left the house and then began getting ready for her naughty day. She drank another large mug of coffee before getting showered. She finished her shower and dried her self off. Standing naked in front of the large mirror in her room she gently stroked her beautiful pussy.

"You're going to be such a dirty girly today." She whispered as she touched her self softly.

She decided to wear clothes that would help her be really stealthy about her wettings but at the same time give her the most wetting pleasure. She slid her panties up and over her delicate pussy, watching her self with excitement in the mirror. She knew this was the last time her delicate pussy would be allowed out of those panties until bed time! The next item of clothing was a pair of tight little riding shorts. Perfect for pulling up tight against her soft little lips.

Finally she put on her favorite leather skirt. This offered the perfect coverage for the wet patch hidden underneath. She was careful about her choice of shoes as well. She opted for a pair of little black ballet flats. Perfect for soaking and then drying very quickly! She watched with excitement as she slowly slid her delicate bare feet into the shoes, knowing full well her poor toes would be getting soaked so much today!

Around 9am she left the house, already horny, and already carrying a rather full bladder in her lower tummy. She started to walk slowly up to the bus stop. The whole way she was gathering the courage that she would need to be super naughty! She reached the stop and had a very good look around, it was secluded enough and there was no one in sight!

Her heart started racing, she quickly dropped into a squat position, and as soon as she was there the flood gates opened. A torrent of hot pee sprayed into her panties and cycling shorts and a huge waterfall erupted from the fabric splashing all over the floor between her legs. 30 seconds later the flow subsided. Her heart was pounding with excitement and her pussy tingling with pleasure! There were tiny beads of pee glistening on the tops of her dainty feet. As she stood up the fabric between her legs let a few tiny drips drop down the inside of her beautiful bare legs. She had done it! And got away with it!

Jess stepped onto her bus. Her heart racing! What if people noticed?! Luckily the bus was almost entirely empty. She walked right up to the back, and settled onto the back seat. As she sat she felt the wet fabric of her panties and shorts press firmly against her wet bum. She crossed her legs and felt her wet pussy lips press firmly together, squashed by her firm thighs. She was comfortable and safe hidden at the back of the bus.

She reached the town 15 minutes later and headed into the supermarket, quickly buying a nice big bottle of water and iced tea. Walking around was really teasing her as her soft wet panties clung to her delicate puffy pussy. She spend the next hour walking around various shops, the whole time no-one the wise to her damp panties and shorts between her legs. Finally after an hour and a half she decided she was full enough for another naughty soaking!

This time she decided to head towards the park. She decided she was going to sit and read for a bit. She positioned her self down a quiet back alley way which she knew no one walked down, then stood with her legs together looking at her phone. Her pee hole released, and a torrent of hot pee soaked her panties for the second time. This time the pee flooded down her sexy legs and began to fill her little ballet flats. The heat of the pee felt amazing on her delicate toes and her pussy spasmed with delight as it was tickled by the rushing pee leaving it.

"Another naughty wetting!" Jess thought to her self "I've got away with another one!"

She hurried along the alley way towards the park. Her feet splashing about in her pee filled ballet flats an her wet pussy lips rubbing against the pee soaked fabric of her panties. Her clit was throbbing with excitement by now and she wanted to have fun! But that was for later! She would get her release when she got home.

Once she reached the park she found her self a nice secluded area in the sun. She threw her blanket down and settled her self down onto it. She decided to take her shoes off and sit cross legged to give her cute little feet and shoes the perfect chance to dry off. Fortunately her pussy wouldn't be getting this pleasure as it was tucked neatly inside her pissy shorts and under her nice thick leather skirt. She sat drinking her bottles of water and reading for nearly 2 hours! The time flew by and she was really indulging in her book. Eventually she deemed it time to leave. It was definitely time for a nice big alcoholic drink somewhere!

She slid her cute bare feet back into her ballet flats, stood up and folded up her blanket. Glancing around she saw no one within viewing distance. For the 3rd time that day her delicate pee hole opened up and released yet another torrent of pee straight into her still slightly damp panties! Again it flooded down the inside of her sexy legs and soaked her poor feet! What a heavenly pleasure!

Jess knew of a lovely pub with a very quiet beer garden. She walked slowly, giving her ballet flats as long as possible to dry. Each step her little toes splashed in the cold pee. The whole walk her puffy pussy lips tingled. She was horny as hell and her pussy was beginning to get rather demanding of pleasure. Even the wet fabric clinging to her pussy was getting her close to orgasm as she walked!

Jess arrived at the pub all flustered. She knew the girl that worked behind the bar, but knew that she would be too busy to even notice anything strange about how she was acting. Once at the bar Jess quickly ordered a pint of cider. She knew this would get her bladder full nice and quick! She settled her self outside on a bench in the garden and got her book out again. The weather was lovely and she was happy to just sit and read, her pussy throbbing and sopping with pee between her legs. She was also loving the fact that no one around her had any idea that she was sat wearing panties she had peed 3 times by this point!

After 2 pints of cider Jess's bladder was starting to get rather full yet again. She had been super hydrated all day and a load of alcohol was really filling her up quick. She looked around the garden and saw only 2 people. Both of which were well into each other and would not be distracted easily. She slowly slid her skirt out from under her damp bum. She sat with her legs crossed over each other and her feet tucked under the bench she was sat at. And then once again, released her pee hole muscles. A torrent of fast flowing hot pee rushed through her panties and shorts for the 4th time in the day! It flooded down the backs of her calfs and poured into her tucked up ballet flats, pooling around her toes at the front. She peed for well over 30 seconds soaking the grass beneath her. She flicked her ballet flats around on her toes and splashed the pee out of them.

Once the flood had subsided she sat for another 45 minutes just enjoying her book and the naughty wet feeling between her legs. Every time she moved or wriggled, her pussy tingled with excitement constantly reminding her that of the fact she had been pissy for near enough 6 hours by now!

Once she was sufficiently dry, Jess headed to the nearest shop to buy food to make for tea. She settled on the idea of Spaghetti Bolognese. Walking around the supermarket was seriously stressful! She was constantly looking around to see if anyone was looking at her strangely. Luckily no one was! She managed to remember to grab a nice big bottle of water and headed to the self check outs, paid quickly, and hurried out.

Jess caught the first bus back to her house. Sitting her self quietly at the back of the bus and buzzing with horny excitement. Even the vibration of the engine was tickling her by this point. She was so turned on!

As soon as the bus arrived at her stop, she jumped off and began walking back home. She decided to get one more sneaky public wetting done though! She walked up the alley way to her house, stopped to look at her phone, and released her bladder for the 5th time! Again straight into her damp panties! The torrent of hot pee flooding down her legs and again soaking her beautiful feet! What a disgraceful girl she had been all day! She hurried into her her garden and in through the back door of the house were a towel she had put there earlier was waiting for her.

After she gently dried her little feet and ballet flats she slid them back onto her feet and headed straight upstairs. She was tingling with excitement and horny as hell! She was looking forward to the relief so much at this point. Once she was in her room she stood her self directly in front of the mirror. She gently unzipped her leather skirt and dropped it to the floor. The sight of her damp cycling shorts made her pussy throb with excitement, her pleasure aided by the gently aroma of pee floating up from between her legs. She slid a thumb down each side of her shorts and gently slid them down, revealing her sopping wet pink panties clinging to her pussy! Relief was going to be heavenly!!

Jess slowly slid her panties down. She could smell her pussy strongly now and she was getting seriously horny. The panties flicked down from between her legs to reveal her gorgeous puffy pussy in the mirror. Instantly Jess wanted to touch her self. She did, but in a seriously naughty way! She gave her beautiful pussy a gently slap!!

"That's for getting your self all pissy today!" She said sternly as she slapped her self playfully again. "And that's for getting turned on because of it!!"

She yanked her pissy panties back up over her pussy and pulled them up tight! She slid her damp shorts up and yanked them up tight as well. Finally she slid her pissy skirt back up and zipped it up before heading back down stairs to cook tea.

The whole time she was cooking, Jess' poor pussy was tingling with excitement and begging for pleasure. Every now and then she would give her self a quick grab of her damp pussy and then continue cooking.

Finally it was time to eat. Jess settled her self onto her garden table and began eating. She felt her pussy tingle with excitement and instantly she relieved her self for the 6th time!!

She looked down between her legs

"You really do love being pissy don't you?!" She muttered softly to her pussy "You're a stinky little mess, you know that?!" She smiled as she realized she was talking to her own pissy pussy!

Finally it was time for pleasure! It was 8 hours after the first wetting, her pussy was a throbbing, tingling, pissy mess and she had to relieve it! She grabbed her vibrator from her bedroom and slid it down the front of the cycling shorts and headed back outside to the bench in the garden. She reached down the front of her skirt, flicked the switch on, and sat with her pussy throbbing and tingling with excitement until a huge wave of pleasure overcame her and she sprayed a jet of hot squirt into her panties!

Once she had calmed down, she headed back upstairs to admire the mess she had created. Slowly undressed in the mirror staring at her self after each layer of clothing she removed. Finally she was naked. She stood and admired her beautiful, stinky, pussy and gently massaged her throbbing pissy lips!

"You're such a dirty, dirty girly!" She muttered as she gently caressed her puffy pussy.

Soph walked into the room and caught Jess stood naked, pissy, and beautifully dirty!! She punished Jess for being such a dirty girl. But Jess really loved Sophs punishments! She knew full well she'd be getting her pissy toes bitten at least!

*002*2019-04-09 15:12

{{13 hours ago, Melificentfan said:

Loved that

}}

Thanks :) I'm glad you enjoyed it :)

*004*2019-04-09 19:10

{{1 minute ago, Gaz_h said:

Really good! love how naughty jess is

}}

Thank you

